I have to go to sleep.
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
Muiriel is 20 now.
"The password is ""Muiriel""."
I will be back soon.
I'm at a loss for words.
This is never going to end.
I just don't know what to say.
That was an evil bunny.
I was in the mountains.
Is it a recent picture?
I don't know if I have the time.
Education in this world disappoints me.
You're in better shape than I am.
You are in my way.
This will cost €30.
I make €100 a day.
It's because you don't want to be alone.
That won't happen.
Sometimes he can be a strange guy.
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
I miss you.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
You should sleep.
I'm going to go.
I told them to send me another ticket.
You're so impatient with me.
I can't live that kind of life.
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.
I never liked biology.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
It is unfortunately true.
They are too busy fighting against each other to care for common ideals.
Most people think I'm crazy.
No I'm not; you are!
He's kicking me!
Are you sure?
Then there is a problem...
Oh, there's a butterfly!
Hurry up.
It doesn't surprise me.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
It depends on the context.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
America is a lovely place to be, if you are here to earn money.
I'm so fat.
So what?
I'm gonna shoot him.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
That was probably what influenced their decision.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
This is what I would have said.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
That's because you're a girl.
It would be something I'd have to program.
I don't intend to be selfish.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
How many close friends do you have?
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
This is always the way it has been.
I think it is best not to be impolite.
One can always find time.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
When I woke up, I was sad.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
Most people write about their daily life.
If I could send you a marshmallow, Trang, I would.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
Every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others.
Why do you ask?
I am not an artist. I never had the knack for it.
Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.
How long did you stay?
Maybe it will be exactly the same for him.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
Humans were never meant to live forever.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
I think I have a theory about that.
That is intriguing.
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
I do not have an account in these forums.
I didn't know where it came from.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
This is not important.
I didn't like it.
She's asking how that's possible.
You're just running away from life's problems.
There's a problem there that you don't see.
You can do it.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
I wish I could go to Japan.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
I have to go to bed.
I won't ask you anything else today.
It may freeze next week.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
The police will get you to find the bullets.
That wasn't my intention.
Thanks for your explanation.
Theoretically, I'm doing math.
It almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day.
I don't know what you mean.
My computer has got to be useful for something.
You wanted to tell me about freedom?
Uh, now it's really weird...
If I wanted to scare you, I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
One can't expect everything from schools.
There are many words that I don't understand.
You're really not stupid.
I need to ask you a silly question.
"I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up ""Viagra"" in Wikipedia."
Can it be phrased in another way?
No one will know.
I found a solution, but I found it so fast that it can't be the right solution.
It seems interesting to me.
Except that here, it's not so simple.
I like candlelight.
What did you answer?
No, he's not my new boyfriend.
You never have class or what?!
Where is the problem?
I can only wait.
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
I love you.
I don't like you anymore.
I am curious.
Congratulations!
I don't want to wait that long.
Why don't you come visit us?
But the possibility seems unlikely.
I shouldn't have logged off.
I don't know what to do anymore.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
I hate chemistry.
I didn't want this to happen.
What other options do I have?
I am not much of a traveller.
I have nothing better to do.
I can't explain it either.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing.
It only shows you're not a robot.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
It's not something anyone can do.
I don't know if I still have it.
What do you think I've been doing?
Don't underestimate my power.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
Therein lies the problem.
How do you find food in outer space?
All you can do is trust one another.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?
Foreign people intrigue me.
Whatever I do, she says I can do better.
What keeps you up so late?
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.
You're not fast enough.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
Bearing can be unbearable.
Nothing is beautiful but the truth.
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
I don't speak Japanese.
This is a pun.
Nobody understands me.
I learned to live without her.
It's useless to keep on thinking any more.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
I just wanted to check my email.
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
I suppose that behind each thing we have to do, there's something we want to do...
You really don't have the right priorities!
Don't expect others to think for you!
You never have time for important things!
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
Are you referring to me?
There will always be things I will never learn, I don't have eternity before me!
It can't be!
A rolling stone gathers no moss is a proverb.
Would you like something to drink?
"Who is it? ""It's your mother."""
"When will you be back? ""It all depends on the weather."""
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious. ""I have no idea."""
We must learn to live together as brothers, or we will perish together as fools.
"To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights. ""You are a coward!"""
Trust me, he said.
This looks pretty interesting, Hiroshi says.
Their communication may be much more complex than we thought.
"The phone is ringing. ""I'll get it."""
That's very nice of you, Willie answered.
"Thank you for helping me. ""Don't mention it."""
Someday I'll run like the wind.
"She likes music. ""So do I."""
Please don't cry.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
"I feel like playing cards. ""So do I."""
Allen is a poet.
The archer killed the deer.
In the 1950's, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
Place the deck of cards on the oaken table.
"How do you spell ""pretty""?"
Why don't we go home?
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
Ten years is a long time to wait.
"Why aren't you going? ""Because I don't want to."""
One million people lost their lives in the war.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
It wasn't me, commissioner!
Oh, my white pants! And they were new.
When I left the train station, I saw a man.
You're an angel!
People from Madrid are weird.
Did you miss me?
Are they all the same?
Thank you very much!
Where are the eggs, please?
I'll take him.
It's a surprise.
That's a good idea!
Round trip? Only one-way.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
They were left speechless.
Damn! It's not bad!
Pull into shape after washing.
Wash before first wearing.
Don't open before the train stops.
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
They say love is blind.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Math is like love: a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
Poor is not the one who has too little, but the one who wants too much.
How long does it take to get to the station?
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
"It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says ""yes"" and ""no""."
Do you speak Italian?
May I ask a question?
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
It would be fun to see how things change over the years.
I would never have guessed that.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
You'll forget about me someday.
That is rather unexpected.
I wonder how long it's going to take.
I can't live without a TV.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
Do you have a condom?
Do whatever he tells you.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
It is already eleven.
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
Yes, orange juice please, says Mike.
Ah! is an interjection.
What do you want?
I have a bone to pick with you.
Do you need me to give you some money?
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
I have a dream.
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
All that which is invented, is true.
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
The world is a den of crazies.
You found me where no one else was looking.
You're by my side; everything's fine now.
You look stupid.
I think I'm gonna go to sleep.
My name is Jack.
I like it very much.
We're meeting up tomorrow?
How do you say that in Italian?
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
Is it far from here?
These things aren't mine!
Thanks, that's all.
Would you like to dance with me?
Italy is a very beautiful country.
It's not my fault!
I'd like to stay for one night.
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
Is there a youth hostel near here?
Where are the showers?
Open your mouth!
Is it bad?
I have lost my wallet.
Love is never wasted.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Not wanting is the same as having.
He's very sexy.
"Pass me the salt, please. ""Here you are."""
There are too many things to do!
Don't you even think of eating my chocolate!
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.
I really need to hit somebody.
Who doesn't know this problem?!
It has been so long since I last went to Disneyland with my family.
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
My friends always say I'm too calm, but my family always says I'm too annoying.
I hate those spiders. They're always there to freak me out when I'm cleaning.
It's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car.
It is very hot today.
Nobody came.
I never saw a red fridge.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
Look at me when I talk to you!
What would the world be without women?
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
This is not my type.
I was trying to kill time.
How did you come up with this crazy idea?
I'm tired.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
Speak more slowly, please!
When do we arrive?
The check, please.
And what are we going to do?
I have a headache.
Where can one make a phone call?
I must admit that I snore.
Tonight we're going to church.
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
I don't feel well.
Call the police!
It's too expensive!
My shoes are too small. I need new ones.
Merry Christmas!
It would be so cool if I could speak ten languages!
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep? ""Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."""
You should have listened to me.
What does it involve?
Those selected will have to face extensive medical and psychological tests.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
The French government has launched an online game that challenges taxpayers to balance the national budget.
He would be glad to hear that.
Computers make people stupid.
Don't ask what they think. Ask what they do.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
Why is life so full of suffering?
Passion creates suffering.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
I'm starving!
Do you have friends in Antigua?
I am married and have two children.
He plays the piano very well.
I see it rarely.
I'd like to study in Paris.
You don't know who I am.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
Why do people go to the movies?
I'm undressing.
The car crashed into the wall.
There are no real visions.
"In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with ""fridge""."
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
The wind calmed down.
I don't want to propose to you!
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Who searches, finds.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Silence gives consent.
Good morning, said Tom with a smile.
That was the best day of my life.
I don't understand German.
I made my decision.
I give you my word.
You are the great love of my life.
Being objective means not telling everybody whose side you are on.
We have a Pope.
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
Mathematicians are like French people: whatever you tell them they translate it into their own language and turn it into something totally different.
Don't worry, be happy!
I find foreign languages very interesting.
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
Take a book and read it.
Face life with a smile!
You make me dream.
I'm beside myself with joy.
He's already a man.
The vacation is over now.
I'm afraid to fall.
Evening dress is desired.
That's the absolute truth.
It's cold.
I'm thirsty.
When you can't do what you want, you do what you can.
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
You did this intentionally!
You didn't tell him anything?
You made me lose my mind.
You're my type.
You're irresistible.
Could you call again later, please?
Who am I talking with?
I accept, but only under one condition.
Smile now, cry later!
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.
Life is beautiful.
There are days where I feel like my brain wants to abandon me.
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Why would you marry a woman if you like men?
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
Are you for or against abortions?
What made you change your mind?
Hey, look, a three-headed monkey!
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
I love lasagna.
If you know that something unpleasant will happen, that you will go to the dentist for example, or to France, then that is not good.
Half an eye is very useful actually, because an animal can see half of another animal, which wants to eat it, and can get out of the way, and it will eat the animal, which has only one-half eye or only 49% of an eye, because this to it will not be enough, and the animal, which was eaten up, will have no children, because it is dead.
I'm at the hospital. I got struck by lightning.
Let's face it, it's impossible. We're never gonna make it.
What is your greatest source of inspiration?
You don't marry someone you can live with — you marry the person whom you cannot live without.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
I was rereading the letters you sent to me.
I don't want to go to school.
It's over between us. Give me back my ring!
It is raining.
She's really smart, isn't she?
People who love doubt nothing, or doubt everything.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
Life is a fatal sexually transmitted disease.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
Too late.
I went to the zoo yesterday.
We won the battle.
Hello? Are you still here?
I make lunch every day.
I watched TV this morning.
I read a book while eating.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
I started learning Chinese last week.
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street.
I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.
It's practical to have a laptop.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
We went to London last year.
She doesn't want to talk about it.
I lost my inspiration.
If you don't have anything to do, look at the ceiling of your room.
It doesn't mean anything!
Close the door when you leave.
This is such a sad story.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
My little brother is watching TV.
You met him at the university?
Aaah!! My computer is broken!
I have a great fear of being disdained by those I love and care about.
It is good to have ideals... don't you think?
Ms. Eichler had a notorious reputation for being austere to her students.
When I have migraines, aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me.
The convicted drug dealer was willing to comply with the authorities to have his death sentence reduced to a life sentence.
I consider the Jehovah's witnesses who knock on my door all the time to be no different from religious zealots trying to force their beliefs on me.
My next door neighbor is a virtuoso whose skills with the piano have earned him a name among music experts.
Even people who don't believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
Unsure of which suitor she wanted to marry, the princess vacillated, saying now one, now the other.
The recent scandals involving altar boys and religious leaders have undermined the faith people have in the Church.
"It depends what you mean by ""believe"" in God."
Professors should explain everything in detail, not be succinct and always tell students to go home and read their books.
My roommate is prodigal when it comes to spending money on movies; he buys them the day they're released, regardless of price.
Teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
My parents would repudiate my brother if they ever found out he was gay.
I would like to retract my previous statement.
His father would never sanction his engagement to a girl who did not share the same religious beliefs as their family.
Tim is a huge fan of satirical comedy.
People are often quite skeptical about things unless given believable proof.
Sometimes he has difficulty being articulate about his views.
Bill Clinton spoke in ambiguous language when asked to describe his relationship with Monica Lewinsky.
I cannot dance one single step of Salsa.
I like my job very much.
Ray was willing to corroborate Gary's story, but the police were still unconvinced that either of them were telling the truth.
The murderer was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
He was still mad about the accident despite his wife's conciliatory words.
I dreamt about you.
I have to get a new computer.
I won't lose!
I was late to school.
Classes are starting again soon.
I think I'm gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
This day was just a waste of time and money.
But you've never told me about this!
I've changed my website's layout.
When we are small, everything seems so big.
He won't beat me.
I have to do laundry while it's still sunny.
You had plenty of time.
Stop criticizing me!
I'm almost done.
Take the other chair!
How many sandwiches are there left?
I'm not inspired anymore.
I won't lower myself to his level.
We could see the sunset from the window.
It's driving me crazy.
Did you say that I could never win?
It's all dark outside.
What happened? There's water all over the apartment.
You can finish your essay now.
Never try to die.
I am too old for this world.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
What you don't have is better than what you do have.
Life begins when you're ready to live it.
It is never too late to learn.
He told me the story of his life.
I never said I was fragile.
What are you talking about?
I want a piece of candy.
I knew that today would be fun.
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
I have class tomorrow.
I can't believe it!
"Thank you. ""You're welcome."""
"How do you pronounce ""pronounce""?"
Winter is my favorite season.
It's difficult to have great ideas.
I learned a lot from you.
We walked a lot.
I spent twelve hours on the train.
She got sick this weekend.
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
He's rich. He doesn't need money!
He's sleeping like a baby.
They're making too much noise. I can't concentrate.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
You're sick. You have to rest.
There's a secret path on the left.
Smith has spent years studying the effects of sleep and sleep loss on memory and learning.
She's asking for the impossible.
He disappeared without a trace.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
The world is full of fools.
Are you saying my life is in danger?
Do you have any idea what my life is like?
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
My life is hollow without him.
I don't want to fail my exams.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
She was wearing a black hat.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
I spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends.
I want to be more independent.
Are you just going to stand there all day?
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
My heart was filled with happiness.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
Your secret will be safe with me.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
Tell them to call me before they leave.
You should have refused such an unfair proposal.
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
Mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas.
I didn't mean to give you that impression.
Yes! I won twice in a row!
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
The essence of mathematics is liberty.
Where is the bathroom?
The essence of liberty is mathematics.
His story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe.
How many hours of sleep do you need?
Each person is a world.
I have French nationality but Vietnamese origins.
Do you think mankind will someday colonize the Moon?
I'm going to buy myself a new camera, digital this time.
I don't know what is worse.
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.
Who buys this type of art?
The answer leads us to a vicious circle.
I'm too lazy to do my homework.
I feel that I am free.
Freedom is not free.
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
I want an MP3 player!
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.
While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
Where are you?
He will make you eat dirt.
He's got a face like a month of wet Sundays.
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
You piss me off!
No way!
It's a dead end.
To share one's passion is to live it fully.
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
She is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
If you teach me how to dance, I will show you my hidden scars.
Cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows, goats, sheep, and other mammals.
I still don't like Cavalieri, Tonelli, or Fubini... and my oral calculus exam is already tomorrow.
He spent the evening reading a book.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
Good night. Sweet dreams.
Everyone deserves a second chance.
What is the advantage of this technology?
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
Gonzales offers a bike to all his employees in Europe.
There are 1000 movies that one must watch before dying.
I have been told that I am pragmatic, and I am.
I prefer to look for a solution to problems, not only to report them.
I'm running out of ideas.
The seven questions that an engineer has to ask himself are: who, what, when, where, why, how and how much.
You are still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
When can one say that a person has alcohol issues?
Remember that we are all in the same boat.
Check that your username and password are written correctly.
Goodbyes are always sad.
Don't forget about us!
Time has passed very fast.
Which is your luggage?
Open the cupboard to the left, the bottles are in there.
The entrée includes a beverage.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
That way I kill two birds with one stone.
Do you have professional experience?
How much do you leave for a tip in Spain?
Who painted this painting?
At this hour, there is incredible traffic.
We men are used to waiting for the women.
Aren't you ashamed to talk like that?
Please tell us where there is a grocery store.
I am four months pregnant.
Can I pay by credit card?
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
Could you please repeat that?
Generally, who visits their parents more, sons or daughters?
You will find this in a hardware store.
Every effort deserves a reward.
It costs an arm and a leg.
More than 90 percent of visits to a web page are from search engines.
I need your advice.
Any chance you know where I put my keys?
I'm getting ready for the worst.
That sounds interesting. What did you tell her?
Little by little, you will notice improvement in your writings.
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.
Take good care of yourself.
The scientific theory I like the best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost luggage.
The only way on Earth to multiply happiness is to divide it.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
Everything is theoretically impossible until it's done.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
My interest is in the future because I'm going to spend the rest of my life there.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
The problem with many things is the pre-conceived ideas we have about them!
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
Hope is not a strategy.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for instance.
They are waiting for you in front of the door.
Do you have a pen on you?
Whose is this?
Since Mario lied to me, I don't speak to him anymore.
It's a good deal.
Pick up your things and go away.
Put your hands down!
He laughs best who laughs last.
The sooner, the better.
He doesn't look his age.
Do you like rap?
I love trips.
I really wasn't expecting that from you.
I've been waiting for hours.
He died at a very old age.
He's an old timer.
That's the snag.
I don't know him.
I liked this film.
She's rolling in money.
It's not important.
I don't care.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
Look carefully. I'm going to show you how it's done.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
Fifty-two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex.
I don't like these remarks.
I'm not convinced at all.
Why do you want to leave today?
It's too good to be true.
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
Better late than never.
Like father, like son.
The early bird catches the worm.
In life there are ups and downs.
All cats are grey in the dark.
Teach me how you do it.
No news is good news.
I was expecting it!
I don't expect anything from you.
Wait in the waiting room.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
There's no doubt.
There isn't any solution.
I didn't know he drank so much.
Do you want fruit juice?
He's a good person.
Do as you want.
Enjoy your meal!
There's no love without jealousy.
There was not a bloody soul.
We are cut from the same cloth.
The walls have ears.
I've got a frog in my throat.
Make yourself at home.
In general, little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations.
Mali is one of the poorest countries in Subsaharan Africa.
Why aren't you coming with us?
I can't say the opposite.
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
You can't get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
I don't want it anymore.
He came several times.
We wonder why.
I'm going to take a bath.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
We left by train.
If you eat too much, you'll become fat.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
Would you like to come?
I knew he would accept.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
I thought it was true.
This is the town I told you about.
This is the boy I think about.
He has been warned on several occasions.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
Hi, I just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed.
I went to drink a beer with friends.
He jumped out the window.
Yesterday we had fun.
They quarreled.
I ate caviar.
He changed a lot since the last time.
You took the wrong key.
I managed to get in.
How much is it?
I'll bring you the bill immediately.
Here is your change.
I'll pay by cheque.
Did you leave a tip?
Don't forget the ticket.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
The situation is worse than we believed.
We have to expect the worst.
They don't even know why.
I want you to tell me the truth.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately.
It's not serious, I don't bear him a grudge.
Who is coming with me?
I want to know who is coming with us.
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
I talked to friends.
The film started at 2 o'clock.
The film lasted 2 hours.
I'm glad to see you back.
You changed a lot.
Those who know him like him.
Tell me what happened.
They are sensible girls.
How beautiful you are!
You must work more.
It's more difficult than you think.
He told me he would go to Venice.
Who are those guys?
I don't agree with him.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
There's quite a lot of things to do; do you want some help?
It seems to me that the train is late.
He learned the news while reading the newspaper.
Ask Trang if he's going out this evening.
Who said that? It's totally wrong!
When I was a child, I would spend hours reading alone in my room.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
Please will you close the door when you go out.
You've given me your cold.
Ah! If I were rich, I'd buy myself a house in Spain.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
Her garden is a work of art.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
If you take care of the small things, the big things will take care of themselves.
Forget it. It's not worth it.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
You need not telephone me.
How dare you say such a thing to me?
You ask me to do the impossible.
I brought you a little something.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
You are as tall as I am.
She has as many books as I.
Go and speak to my colleague.
Tell me about it!
Let's not be in too much of a hurry.
Does it also work without registration?
In which folder did you save the file?
Maria has long hair.
You don't have to come tomorrow.
I have to take medicine.
Please do not take photos here.
Nara is a quiet and beautiful city.
I'm taking a walk in a park.
My hobby is to listen to music.
If you are free, give me a hand.
I work even on Sunday.
He's not working much at the moment.
It happened a long time ago.
Where have you been?
Here comes the bride!
What have you been doing all this time!
It's been snowing all night.
It's been ten years since we last met.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
Could you turn on the light, please?
She's selling drugs at concerts.
Turn right at the crossroad.
I buried my dog at the pet cemetery.
They forgot to lock the door.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
If you will come this way...
How did your interview go?
He's moving in with his girlfriend.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
She is mad at me.
I can't believe my eyes.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
She has always done her best to make their life easier.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
"Do you have any siblings? ""No, I'm an only child."""
Her eyes were shining with joy.
You are to come with me.
You have to come with me.
Can you do bookkeeping?
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.
You should pay your rent in advance.
You must keep your room clean.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
You have to learn standard English.
You are not at all wrong.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
Can you keep a secret?
You are tired, aren't you?
Are you not tired?
You are too sensitive to criticism.
You can rely on him.
You must not take advantage of her innocence.
Just a minute.
Did you meet her?
Do you want to see her very much?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
You must be careful not to make him angry.
You are selling him short.
You're required to help them.
Are you for or against his idea?
You must pay attention to his advice.
You should have accepted his advice.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
You must allow for his youth.
You should have helped him with his work.
You should pay more attention to what he says.
You must pay attention to him.
You can depend on his help.
You should tell him the truth.
You had better tell him the truth.
You ought to ask him for advice.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
You ought to thank him.
You have only to give him a little help.
You ought not to have said a thing like that to him.
You can trust him to keep his word.
Do you know who he is?
I'm certain of your success.
Have you ever seen him swimming?
Do you think he made that mistake on purpose?
Didn't you know that he passed away two years ago?
You should get your hair cut.
You must be a fool.
Can you ride a horse?
You can't ride a horse.
You should work hard.
You must study hard.
You must not come in.
Must you work on Sunday?
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
What do you usually do on Sundays?
Are you a Japanese student?
Do you keep a diary?
Do you live here?
I take it for granted that you will join.
What do you have for breakfast?
You won't be late, will you?
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
Sooner or later, you will regret your idleness.
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.
Who are you waiting for?
Whom are you speaking of?
Are you meeting someone here?
You look very pale.
I'm proud of you.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
You may take either the big box or the small one.
You look bored.
You have foul breath.
You know quite a lot about Sumo.
Are you for the war or against it?
You should follow your teacher's advice.
You ran a red light.
Can you eat raw oysters?
You seem an honest man.
You seem to be an honest man.
Do you believe in God?
Do you wash your hands before meals?
You bought the food, so if I buy the wine that will even things up.
You had better not eat too much.
You are way off track.
You're going too far.
What do you want to do in the future?
You work hard.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
You should give up drinking.
Are you writing a letter?
You should get your car fixed.
Can you drive a car?
You should apologize.
Did you actually see the accident?
You should acknowledge your failure.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
Do you know how to use a dictionary?
You should learn how to use your dictionary.
You are free to go home.
You should learn to restrain yourself.
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.
You should attend to your own business.
You are responsible for what you do.
You must do it yourself.
You must control yourself.
Do you take me for a fool?
You may laugh at me.
You may use my new car.
Are you for or against my plan?
I wish you had told me the truth.
You should have told me the truth.
You lied to me, didn't you?
You don't know how worried I am.
You must learn to obey instructions.
You are frustrated with your work.
You were late for work.
You'd better knuckle down to work.
Did you go out last night?
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
You did not come to school yesterday.
Why were you absent yesterday?
You must do your best.
You should be ready for the worst.
You look happy today.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
You look pale today.
You'd better not go out today.
You must not go out today.
You worked a lot this week.
Have you ever seen a kangaroo?
You'd better start now.
You had better go.
You have to go.
It's necessary for you to go.
You'd better not go.
Are you happy?
You made a wise choice.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
You are the master of your own destiny.
I suppose you're hungry.
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
You must come back before nine o'clock.
You must go up the hill.
You broke the rule.
You look pale.
You are as white as a sheet.
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
Would you like to go abroad?
Do you plan to go abroad?
You should have attended the meeting.
You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
You like fruit.
Will you stay at home?
You will stay at home.
What grade are you in?
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
You may go anywhere.
What time will you get to the station?
You're too suspicious about everything.
How many books do you have?
What are you looking for?
What are you looking at?
What do you learn?
What do you intend to do?
You have put everything out of order.
What are you going to be?
What do you want to be?
What will you have?
What are you going to have?
What woke you up?
What did you come here so early for?
Please let me know what you want.
What do you like?
What do you want now?
You seem to be thinking of something else.
Do you love music?
You really have an ear for music.
You are not a coward.
You dropped your pencil.
Do you have any pencils?
It is necessary for you to stop smoking.
Do you study English?
Can you make yourself understood in English?
He asked me if I could speak English.
You can swim, can't you?
Can you swim?
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
You're in luck. The plane is on time.
You must not tell a lie.
You'll never be alone.
You should follow the doctor's advice.
You'd better consult the doctor.
You had better ask the doctor for advice.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
You've done it!
Do you remember seeing me before?
You are in a safe place.
You've set a bad example.
Did you break the window on purpose or by accident?
Don't you like apples?
You had better put on a raincoat.
You have a good sense of humor.
Have you ever seen a UFO?
You are apt to be forgetful.
It would be better for you to read more books.
You must study more.
You should study harder.
You must study much harder.
You should have completed it long ago.
You should have come earlier.
Do you like Mozart's music?
Have you taken your medicine yet?
Have you solved all the problems yet?
It's high time you had a haircut.
Now that you are grown up, you must not behave like a child.
You are now an adult.
You must go to bed now.
You had better go to bed now.
You must get up a little earlier.
Have you done all your homework?
You are not a child any more.
You may go home now.
You are old enough to know this.
You surprised everybody.
You haven't changed at all.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
Have you got a pen?
Can you speak French?
You can't speak French, can you?
You'd better go by bus.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
You have to go to the party.
How tall you are!
How lucky you are!
Do you want anything?
Why did you try to run away?
Why did you not go to the office?
Why do you accuse my son?
Why do you want to study abroad?
Why do you want to buy this book?
How long have you been in Japan?
How often do you go abroad?
You can always count on Tom.
How do you get to school?
Which club do you belong to?
You are very brave.
You look very tired.
That's very sweet of you.
Which bed do you want to use?
Which one do you take?
Wherever you go, you'll be welcomed.
Where were you?
Do you feel at home anywhere?
How about you?
What are you doing?
How did you come to know her?
Why did you say such a thing?
What have you come here for?
What has brought you here?
You don't know German, do you?
You'd better go home as soon as possible.
You have just done your homework.
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.
You should give up smoking.
You must give up smoking.
You should give up smoking and drinking.
All you have to do is wash the dishes.
You needn't have taken a taxi.
You have only to touch the button.
You have many books.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
Are you able to type?
You could have done it.
Have you finished it?
Did you buy it on the black market?
What did you open it with?
You shouldn't have done it.
When did you finish it?
You will not be able to catch the train.
Do you know the reason?
You have to judge the case without bias.
Could you solve the problem?
You may keep the book.
Are you for or against the bill?
You ought to know better at your age.
You ought to have seen the exhibition.
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
Have you finished reading the novel?
You should emphasize that fact.
Did you watch the game?
Did you cut the paper?
You have to overcome the difficulties.
You may go there.
Do you deny that you went there?
You should have done so.
You aren't a spy, are you?
You may go at once.
What are you staring at?
Did you do this on your own?
Have you read this book already?
You are not to leave this room.
Where did you go last Sunday?
All you have to do is sign this paper.
Can you read this kanji?
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
You can study here.
You'd better not wait here.
Are you going to sing here?
You've drunk three cups of coffee.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
Where are you from in Canada?
You will catch cold.
Aren't you happy?
You have done very well.
When did you come to Japan?
When will you be free?
You are always complaining.
What time do you usually get up?
What time do you usually go to bed?
You are always watching TV.
You will know the truth some day.
How much money do you want?
You have some books.
You've given me good advice.
You are a good boy.
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.
You shouldn't talk back like that.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
You are right in a way.
Have you ever been to America?
I wish you had told me the truth then.
Are you on the committee?
You must stick to your promise.
You're a philosopher, aren't you?
Can you do it in one day?
You should have refused his offer.
You need to have breakfast.
Did you leave the window open?
You had better set some money apart for your wedding.
Which party do you belong to?
You must always keep your hands clean.
When did you begin learning German?
Please go on with your story.
There may be some truth in your story.
I can hardly hear you.
Your parents didn't come, did they?
I understand your position perfectly.
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
I admire you for your courage.
I admire your courage.
You have lovely eyes, don't you?
Your eyes have a certain magnetism.
Your driver's license has expired.
Write your name in capitals.
I know your name.
Your daughter is not a child anymore.
Your comic books are on the shelf.
How pretty your sister is!
Your book is on the desk.
Your dress is unsuitable for the occasion.
Your room is twice the size of mine.
I'm tired of your complaints.
Your smile always makes me happy.
It's your move.
Your hair is too long.
Your problem is similar to mine.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
Your answer is right.
Your answer is anything but perfect.
Your answer is wrong.
I think your answer is correct.
Your efforts will bear fruit someday.
I forget your telephone number.
Had I known your telephone number, I would have called you.
May I use your phone?
Your proposal is a bit extreme.
I am in favor of your proposal.
How many schools are there in your city?
It's none of your business.
Mind your own business!
When is your birthday?
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
Is this your son, Betty?
I cannot accept your gift.
What's your major field?
Go back to your seat.
Your success is the result of your hard work.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I don't like your taste in color.
I like the way you smile.
Let's have a serious talk about your future.
I expect your help.
I don't need your help.
Write your address here.
I received your letter yesterday.
Your letter made me happy.
Are your hands clean?
Please lend me your car.
What have you done with your car?
Your questions were too direct.
Will you lend me your dictionary?
May I borrow your dictionary?
Look up the words in your dictionary.
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
Your bike is better than mine.
Is your watch correct?
Your watch is ten minutes slow.
What time is it by your watch?
Where are your things?
Your sister's as beautiful as ever.
I am only too glad to help you with your work.
Your work is below average.
What do you do?
Your work has greatly improved.
Where do you come from?
Do you eat rice in your country?
Your conduct is perfectly legal.
Your conduct doesn't become a gentleman.
Your behavior admits of no excuse.
I cannot support your conduct.
Your ideas are different from mine.
Your idea seems to be similar to mine.
Your ideas are quite old fashioned.
Choose your favorite racket.
Do as you like.
Make your choice.
You have the freedom to travel wherever you like.
I know what you mean.
What you are saying does not make sense.
I don't quite follow you.
It appears to me that you are right.
She cannot have understood what you said.
I think you're right.
I find it difficult to believe.
Aren't you pushing it too far?
I don't get what you mean.
What's become of your dog?
I envy your good health.
You can go or stay, as you wish.
Your plan seems better than mine.
I approve of your plan.
Tell me about your plan.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
Your shoes are here.
You can read any book that interests you.
I forbid you to smoke.
The sooner you return, the happier your father will be.
Leave your desk as it is.
What's your wish?
Your eyes remind me of stars.
That is no business of yours.
Where is your school?
Let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school.
I count on your help.
Your English is improving.
Your English is perfect.
I think your English has improved a lot.
Your English has improved a lot.
I want your opinion.
Don't press your opinions on me.
Your opinion is very constructive.
Do you think that you can put your idea into practice?
Your idea sounds like a good one.
I'll study your report.
Your selfishness will lose you your friends.
Your method is different from mine.
You're on the right track.
Your time is up.
It was very hard for me to find your flat.
Can I use your pen?
Your pen is better than mine.
Your plan sounds great.
If I find your passport, I'll call you at once.
Your tie has come undone.
Your dress is very nice.
I'll come to your place.
Don't be angry with me, for I did it for your sake.
I am ready to do anything for you.
I will do anything for you.
What's the weight of your suitcase?
Your shirt button is coming off.
I respect you for what you have done.
We are worried about you.
Is this your glass or your sister's?
Your cake is delicious.
Here is your bag.
I took your umbrella by mistake.
Your mother is in critical condition.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
I'd like to see your father.
Is your uncle still abroad?
Where does your uncle live?
Thanks to your help, I could succeed.
Your chair is identical to mine.
I believe you.
I don't agree with you.
I have something to tell you.
I have some good news for you.
I will find you a good doctor.
I want you to go to the post office.
I want you to read this book.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
I have a message for you from her.
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
You are wanted on the phone.
I'll lend it to you.
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
I'll lend you my notebook.
I want you to go.
I'm very glad to see you.
I would like you to come with me.
You are in part responsible for it.
I want you to work harder.
I want to see you again.
I'm leaving it to you.
You have a bright future.
You have a gift for music.
I can't lie to you.
I can't hide the fact from you.
You are hopeless.
You deserve the prize.
Green suits you.
I am disgusted with you.
I can't thank you enough.
All you can do is to wait.
I can't keep up with you.
I'd like to talk with you in private.
How can you say that?
You should have seen it.
Didn't I tell you so?
I'll give you this money.
I have a nice present to give you.
I owe you ten dollars.
Do your work in your own way.
You deserve to succeed.
I can't think of life without you.
You and I are good friends.
You and I are the same age.
I bought the same shirt as yours.
There is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine.
It is hard to distinguish you from your brother.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
I often think about the place where I met you.
You really are hopeless.
Divide the cake among you three.
You students are supposed to be diligent.
How old will you be next year?
You are young boys.
You may swim now.
You didn't need to hurry.
All of you did good work.
You should try to be more polite.
Compare your translation with the one on the blackboard.
Who is your teacher?
Your team is stronger than ours.
Boys, don't make any noise.
You are the man I've been looking for.
I had no idea that you were coming.
It doesn't matter whether you come or not.
It's a pity that you can't come.
I want you.
I want to know if you'll be free tomorrow.
What would you do if you were in my place?
What would you do in my place?
I need you.
I don't know whether you like her or not.
Does he know that you love him?
You did well not to follow his advice.
Either you or he has to attend the meeting.
Show me what you bought.
I found the very thing you had been looking for.
I guess you are right.
I am glad that you have succeeded.
You may or may not win.
I love you more than you love me.
What is it that you want me to do?
I don't have as much money as you think.
Show me the doll that you bought yesterday.
Your mother has made you what you are.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
You don't have to go unless you want to.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
I know you are rich.
I hope you'll never turn Communist.
I will not allow you to be ill-treated.
I'll stay here till you get back.
It's clear that you're wrong.
You shouldn't have paid the bill.
It is important for you to learn a foreign language.
It is a pity that you cannot travel with us.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
It's evident that you told a lie.
What is that thing in your right hand?
You go first.
I heard it from you.
You can do whatever you want to.
I can imagine how you felt.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
I'm surprised at your behavior.
I'm glad you liked it.
I'll do it, if you insist.
I don't blame you.
There are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it.
You wrote this book?
It is dangerous for you to swim in this river.
Where was it that you found this key?
You'll be missed by your friends.
How I miss you.
We all miss you very much.
Why is it that you are always late?
Here is a letter for you.
What time will you leave?
You don't understand.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
A bear can climb a tree.
How long does a bear sleep?
Take off your socks, please.
Are my socks dry already?
Take off your shoes.
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
I bought a pair of shoes.
Where're the shoes?
Tie your shoelaces.
My shoes are worn out.
Could we have a table in the corner?
I met her by accident.
What a coincidence!
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
I felt hungry.
Hunger is the best sauce.
He cannot be hungry; he has just had lunch.
Are seats available?
Fill in the blanks.
You are hearing things.
I'll drive you to the airport.
May I accompany you to the airport?
How far is it to the airport?
How long do you think it will take to go to the airport?
I'll accompany you to the airport.
I went to the airport by taxi.
I could've met you at the airport.
The airport was closed because of the fog.
I prefer a hotel by the airport.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
What time should I go to the airport?
To live without air is impossible.
Air is invisible.
Air is a mixture of several gases.
Air is a mixture of gases.
We cannot live without air.
The air became warm.
The sky is becoming cloudy.
The sky is blue.
The sky is full of stars.
The sky grew darker and darker.
The sky is covered with clouds.
The sky was completely dark.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
The sky became darker and darker.
His plane leaves for Hong Kong at 2:00 p.m.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
The sun is shining in the sky.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
The sky was full of stars.
Not a star was to be seen in the sky.
There are more stars in the sky than I can count.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
The sky has become clear.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
The sky brightened.
Do you have any vacancies?
Stop grumbling.
No pain, no gain.
I'd like you to come at nine.
I escaped death.
By September I will have known her for a whole year.
Open your book to page nine.
I'm looking for a bank. Is there one near here?
I've been to the bank.
The bank keeps money for people.
Is the bank open?
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
He works for a bank.
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
The Golden Gate Bridge is made of iron.
He will do anything to make money.
A blonde is speaking to her psychiatrist.
Money is not a criterion of success.
Money is the root of all evil.
My financial worries are past.
Give me your money.
The rich are not always happy.
For all his wealth, he is unhappy.
I prefer being poor to being rich.
The richer he became, the more he wanted.
He became rich.
Do you want to be rich?
Were I rich, I would help the poor.
I wish I were rich.
Just because a man is rich it does not necessarily follow that he is happy.
The rich are not always happier than the poor.
I'm broke.
I should have taken the money.
I will do it on condition that I am paid.
We must cut our expenses to save money.
Don't ask for money.
Money does not grow on trees.
I will give you the money tomorrow.
Gold is heavier than iron.
Gold is more precious than iron.
I have little money.
I have a little money.
Gold is heavier than silver.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
There is a lot of money.
I have some money with me.
The price of gold varies from day to day.
The end of money is the end of love.
The price of gold fluctuates daily.
Money doesn't grow on trees, you know.
I am short of money.
Money and I are strangers; in other words, I am poor.
Gold will not buy everything.
It seems like there's no money left.
Money talks.
Money is not everything.
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.
Let's take a short cut.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
Nowadays we are apt to forget the benefits of nature.
Beef is expensive nowadays.
Travelling is easy these days.
I hope to see you soon.
What kind of songs are popular these days?
There is a hospital nearby.
Is there a McDonald's near here?
There is a bus stop near by.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
What number should I call in case of an emergency?
In case of an emergency, push this button.
In case of emergency, call 119.
In case of an emergency, dial 110.
I asked for a seat in the no-smoking section.
Could we have a table in the non-smoking section?
Smoking or non smoking?
I advise you to stop smoking.
It is difficult to give up smoking.
Don't smoke while you are on duty.
His diligence earned him success.
I gave him what little money I had.
I'll give you a local anaesthetic.
Amazingly, the old man recovered his health.
I was too surprised to speak.
What a surprise!
To our surprise, Tom came to our party with Mary.
A mirror reflects light.
Thank you for your interest.
Don't scare me like that!
With her heart pounding, she opened the door.
I have heartburn.
It was a heartbreaking story.
I feel like vomiting.
I have a sharp pain in my chest.
Are you mad?
Tom started the engine.
Mr Hashimoto is known to everyone.
The bridge is being repainted.
The bridge is one mile above.
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
There is a hut below the bridge.
It was dark under the bridge.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
The professor treated her as one of his students.
The professor gave a lecture on the Middle East.
The professor smiled.
Keep your classroom clean.
I wish our classroom were air-conditioned.
You must not make noises in the classroom.
Get out of the classroom.
I intended to become a teacher.
The church bells are ringing.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
The church is surrounded by woods and lakes.
The church is decorated with flowers for the wedding.
Whoever goes to church believes in God.
Education is an investment in the future.
Education starts at home.
Teaching is learning.
Teaching demands a lot of patience.
Thank you for the information.
Dinosaurs are now extinct.
It's awfully cold today.
A terrible fate awaited him.
Sorry, we're full today.
Would you mind opening the window?
Don't be afraid.
A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
I obtained the painting at an auction.
How long does it take to get to the stadium?
You should visit Kyoto.
Kyoto is worth visiting.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
Kyoto is most beautiful in autumn.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
Kyoto was the former capital of Japan.
Kyoto is visited by many tourists.
Kyoto is worth visiting once.
Are you from Kyoto?
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
Kyoto has many universities.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
Have you been to Kyoto?
There are many old temples in Kyoto.
I have been to Kyoto once.
Kyoko is lying on the grass.
I prefer staying home to going fishing.
Fish, please.
Fish are cold-blooded animals.
Fish live in the water.
Fish cannot live out of water.
Do you like fish?
Fish live in the sea.
Do you think fish can hear?
A fish can swim.
Is the fish still alive?
I'll show you how to catch fish.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
How often do you feed the fish?
Fish and red wine don't go together.
I'm allergic to fish.
I had a stroke last year.
I lost my wife last year.
We had a lot of snow last year.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
I'll never forget visiting Paris last summer.
Hence, loathed melancholy.
Is there a milkman?
Add a little milk.
Do you have some milk?
I bought two bottles of milk.
The milk froze and became solid.
Milk is a popular beverage.
Milk makes us strong.
Milk easily turns sour.
Milk is a good beverage.
The milk turned sour.
The milk was diluted with water.
Beef, please.
I raise cattle.
Cattle feed on grass.
Cows give us milk.
Cows provide us with milk.
Cows provide us with good milk.
The cow supplies us with milk.
Cows supply us with milk.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
The cows are eating grass.
I ran into an old friend.
The printer needs paper.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
I feel like crying.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
The rescued refugees were longing for freedom.
Call an ambulance.
Please send an ambulance.
Do you need an ambulance?
I burst into tears.
Suddenly, he changed the subject.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
Don't brake suddenly.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the bus.
Come on! We're going to be late.
You don't have to hurry.
There's no hurry.
We didn't need to hurry.
Let's hurry up.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
Hurry up, and you'll catch the train.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.
You can take your time.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
I must hurry to class.
I hurried home.
Haste makes waste.
Hurry up, Tom.
Please hurry.
We've really got to step on it.
Are you in a hurry?
When you're in a hurry, it's easy to make a mistake.
Enjoy your holidays.
Let's take a break for coffee.
During the vacation my sister and I stayed at a small village at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
How did you spend your vacation?
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
May I take a rest?
Who is absent?
I did nothing during the holidays.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
The hills are bathed in sunlight.
The hill was all covered with snow.
The hill is always green.
That church on the hill is very old.
The visitor sat across from me.
Is there a place I can smoke?
If people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes, they get nervous and irritable.
Smoking is strictly prohibited.
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane flights.
Smoking is harmful to health.
Smoking is bad for the health.
Smoking is bad for you.
You cannot make omelets without breaking eggs.
Beware of imitations.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
Hunger knows no law.
All that glitters is not gold.
Do get up, it's very late.
Get up!
You are beautiful.
You're her daughters.
You are human.
You are actresses.
You are doctors.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
You are my best friend.
You tried.
You like elephants.
You have three cars.
Do you study chemistry?
You drink tea.
You study English.
You are a doctor.
What's your home address?
Your daughter's on drugs.
A valuable object decreases in value if it is damaged.
I'd like some information about your new computers.
The reporter criticized the politician.
The press is interested in his private life.
A good memory is his weapon.
Rules are to be observed.
We must observe the rules.
The train hasn't arrived yet.
The train has not arrived yet.
The train was about to leave the station.
Trains come more often than buses.
The train traversed a tunnel.
The train was derailed.
Our train stopped suddenly.
Let's eat out for a change.
Are you feeling sick?
Are you feeling OK?
How do you feel now?
I'm not feeling well.
Do you feel sick?
I'm feeling fine now.
I feel refreshed.
You have to be patient.
Don't change your mind.
I know how you feel.
Isn't it a lovely morning?
Take it easy!
Take it easy.
What's the temperature?
The temperature fell several degrees.
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
My joints ache when it gets cold.
Look out! There's a hole in the road.
Take care.
I fainted.
Watch out, the man has a gun.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
Are you crazy?
It's just your imagination.
I hope you'll like it.
Don't worry about it!
Never mind.
Never mind!
It's all right.
Forget it.
I'm exhausted.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
I'm not in the mood.
Could you show me your return ticket?
I met Naomi on my way home and we had a chat.
I met him on my way home.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
Wait here till I come back.
It's a pity we didn't visit Tom when we had the chance.
He passed the test as was expected.
As was expected, he won the prize.
I have already done my homework.
As you already know.
Whose book is on the desk?
He noticed a letter on the desk.
The dictionary on the desk is mine.
The radio on the desk is a Sony.
There is a book on the desk.
There are some books on the desk.
There is a key on the desk.
I see a flower on the desk.
What is on the desk?
There is a card on the desk.
Was there a book on the desk?
There is an apple on the desk.
There is one apple on the desk.
There is only one book on the desk.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
There were no more than two books on the desk.
There is a cat under the desk.
There is an apple under the desk.
A cat appeared from under the desk.
The desk drawer is open.
You must not give up hope.
Don't give up hope.
It may sound strange, but it is true.
Strange things happened on her birthday.
Don't let your feelings show.
I'm willing to help him.
I'll be glad to come.
I will gladly help you.
I will be pleased to help you.
Joy was mingled with sorrow.
The more danger, the more honor.
I almost missed the train.
I was nearly run over by a car.
Don't run risks.
Look out! There's a truck coming!
Look out!
I was almost run over by a car.
Did you get your wish?
He looks pale.
Wash your face.
To lose face means to be humiliated.
A shave, please.
Wash up.
I try.
I've lost my glasses.
Without his glasses, he is as blind as a bat.
Korean food is generally very spicy.
What languages do they speak in Korea?
Don't eat between meals.
Eating between meals is a bad habit.
I must have made a mistake.
I put my gloves on inside out by mistake.
You have the wrong number.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
You won't make mistakes.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Don't worry about making mistakes.
Don't make a mistake.
It's a common mistake.
Correct errors, if any.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon.
It's going to clear up soon.
I'm afraid not.
Where is the tourist information office?
Tourism is important to the economy of my country.
To put it briefly, I do not agree.
The nurse gave me a shot.
A nurse wears white.
I want something sweet.
The patient's condition changes from day to day.
No problem at all!
My patience has come to the breaking point.
Check, please.
We'd like separate checks.
Give me the bill, please.
May I have the check, please?
Business is business.
Thermometers often go below zero.
I feel cold.
I do feel the cold.
I'm freezing.
It was cold, and in addition, it was windy.
Nobody wants to work outdoors on a cold day.
It is difficult to wake up on cold mornings.
I'm looking for batteries.
Dry wood burns quickly.
Dry sand absorbs water.
The stock market tumbled.
Stock prices dropped.
You may leave your bag here.
Well begun is half done.
The eagle does not catch flies.
Don't step on the broken glass.
It's a piece of cake.
The optimist looks into a mirror and becomes more optimistic, the pessimist more pessimistic.
Easy come, easy go.
Have fun.
Have a good time.
Are you enjoying it?
Enjoy yourself!
Let's have some fun.
I hope you're having fun.
Are you having a good time?
I wish you a pleasant voyage.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
Sweet dreams, Timmy.
Have a nice weekend.
Have a nice vacation.
Pleasure is the source of pain.
The students demonstrated against the new government.
All of the students were present.
I got to know him when I was a student.
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.
Every student has access to the library.
All the students protested against the war.
Every student has free access to the library.
Half of the students are absent.
Half the students were absent.
A majority of students dislike history.
I used to play tennis when I was a student.
Almost all the students like English.
I often wrote to her when I was a student.
Admission to students only.
His students adored him.
A student wants to see you.
I am tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
I met her on my way to school.
I met Tom on my way to school.
Go to school.
It's a shortcut to the school.
School begins tomorrow.
School begins the day after tomorrow.
School begins on April the tenth.
School begins in April.
School starts next Monday.
School begins at 8:10 a.m.
School reopens in September.
You shouldn't go to school.
Is your school far from your home?
What time does school begin?
The school is farther than the station.
The school awarded Mary a prize.
The school drains the pool once a month.
When is school over?
School begins on April 8.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
There is a bus stop near our school.
Though he lives within a stone's throw of the school, he is often late.
I'm going to join the school orchestra.
Don't be late for school.
You must not be late for school.
I lost my purse on my way to school.
John met Mary on his way to school.
It's time to go to school.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
At school he was always at the top of his class.
I have just come back from school.
The more you learn, the more you want to.
The more you study, the more you discover your ignorance.
You're never too old to learn.
One is never too old to learn.
No one is too old to learn.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
One lump of sugar, please.
Do you remember?
It is true; she is a rare beauty.
I'm sure I've seen him before.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
Each country has its own customs.
The town was defended by a large army.
Living in the town is quite different from living in the country.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
As a rule, I prefer a comedy to a tragedy.
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.
Some medicine does us harm.
I cleared my throat, but no words came.
The foreign minister attended the talks.
Save it on the external hard drive.
I don't feel like going out.
Comb your hair before you go out.
It is difficult for a foreigner to study Japanese.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
Learning a foreign language is difficult.
It's difficult to learn a foreign language.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
Are you interested in foreign languages?
Speaking of foreign languages, can you speak French?
Traveling abroad is very interesting.
Have you been abroad?
I want to go abroad.
It's fun to learn about foreign cultures.
We have to buy them from abroad.
Don't be deceived by appearances.
Judging from her appearance, she seems to be very rich.
It seems warm outside.
It is cold outdoors. Put on your coat.
It is getting dark outside.
It is still light outside.
It is dark outside.
Could we have a table outside?
Get out.
May I go out to play?
I don't like to cook when it's hot outside.
The opening ceremony took place on schedule.
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.
I found the box empty.
Open up.
Look at the picture.
The picture looks better at a distance.
I'm going to France to study painting.
May I have your attention, please?
I don't have the slightest idea.
Everybody came to the class on time.
How is everyone?
I will miss you all.
Make yourselves comfortable.
All aboard!
Good morning, everybody.
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
Good morning, everyone.
Everybody laughed.
I broke your ashtray.
The pirates had no choice but to surrender.
Which way is the beach?
They went to the beach.
I've never been abroad.
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.
I work for a shipping company.
The ocean was calm.
There is a low hill near the sea.
I'd like a room facing the ocean instead.
If you go underwater, hold your nose and blow to clear your ears.
Most creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
You must be careful when swimming in the sea.
Some children are swimming in the sea.
We're on our way home.
Can you fix the broken radio?
The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapse.
Don't beat around the bush.
Call me at the office.
The company abandoned that project.
The meeting begins at three.
Where will we meet?
We'll resume the meeting after tea.
The meeting was canceled.
The meeting was attended by many.
The meeting was held here.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
The meeting is ten days away.
Are you going to attend the meeting?
I can't attend the meeting.
How many people were present at the meeting?
All the members were present.
The meeting took place yesterday.
Nice seeing you!
I'm glad to see you.
Every time I go to see him, he is in bed.
It is Tom whom I want to see.
Bite the bullet.
Not all of us can speak English.
We must provide for old age.
We should obey our parents.
We believe in democracy.
We are working in the interest of peace.
We cannot distinguish her from her younger sister.
We should follow his example.
We have lost sight of him.
We can rely on his judgement.
We should have told him the truth.
We went to the museum.
We never work on Sunday.
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.
We must get over many difficulties.
We eat so we can live.
We found him alive.
We must continue to study as long as we live.
We studied the government's economic policy.
We talked in sign language.
We entered into a serious conversation.
We began on a new project.
We have limited resources.
We arrived first.
We think we are over the worst.
We found the footprints in the sand.
We didn't want to go, but we had to.
We sat on a bench in the park.
We took turns driving the car.
We need action, not words.
We will never agree.
We went as far as Kyoto.
We are free from danger.
We are influenced by our environment.
We were moved to tears.
We have three meals a day.
We fought for everyone.
We walked more quickly than usual.
We discussed the matter.
We captured the thief.
We stayed at a hotel by the lake.
We confirmed the hotel reservations by telephone.
We have come a long way.
We have to start at once.
We often associate black with death.
We made fun of him about this.
We must get over this difficulty.
We bought a pound of tea.
We mustn't waste our energy resources.
We must achieve our aim at any price.
We were nearly frozen to death.
We have breakfast at seven.
We arrived at an agreement after two hours' discussion.
We should look after our parents.
We arrived on the island two days later.
Our total debts amount to ten thousand dollars.
All our effort ended in failure.
All our efforts were in vain.
We have a traitor among us.
Our new head office is in Tokyo.
Our experiment went wrong last week.
Winter sports are very popular in our country.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
Our team is winning.
Our team were wearing red shirts.
Our team won the game.
Our team is five points ahead.
Stay here with us.
We Germans fear God, but nothing else in the world.
My name is Hopkins.
Our company has a long, long history.
We import coffee from Brazil.
There is a small garden in front of my house.
If only we had a garden!
Our team lost all its games.
Our team lost the first game.
Don't worry about the past.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
How many bags do you have?
Where can I get my baggage?
I have three pieces of baggage.
I'm allergic to pollen.
The vase fell to the floor and shattered.
Hanako is set on going to Paris.
Hanako likes cake very much.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
Happy are those who love flowers.
Flowers bloom.
Flowers attract bees.
I've finished watering the flowers.
I needn't have watered the flowers. Just after I finished, it started raining.
Don't touch the flowers.
Are you free on Tuesday?
It has been raining since Tuesday.
Gunpowder needs to be handled very carefully.
The fire was extinguished at once.
In case of fire, use the stairs.
The cause of the fire is not known.
The cause of the fire was known.
In case of fire, break this window.
Fire! Run!
The fire alarm rang.
In case of fire, call 119.
Don't forget to put out the fire.
Never forget to put out the fire.
Fire is very dangerous.
Fire burns.
The fire went out by itself.
It's dangerous to play around the fire.
There is no smoke without fire.
It only adds fuel to the fire.
Stay away from the fire.
Oxygen is needed for combustion.
The best swimmers are oftenest drowned.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
Let us sing a song.
Singing is her strong point.
Do you like singing?
You seem to like fruit.
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
What do you do in your free time?
I'm free.
Scientific truth is a creation of the human mind.
I do not like science.
Science has not solved all the problems of life.
How much is the monthly rate?
Their cattle are all fat.
We are a family of four.
How is your family?
I'd like to call my family.
The furniture was dusty.
I'll drive you home.
Are we to remove our shoes before entering the house?
The house was in flames.
We have two cats; one is white, and the other is black.
The house burned down completely.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
There is a garden at the back of my house.
There is a hut at the back of our house.
Our dog buries its bones in the garden.
When I got home, I found I had lost my wallet.
Let me know when you'll return home.
I did not miss my purse till I got home.
We had a lot of furniture.
We have two television sets.
He is away from home.
We have two dogs. One is black and the other is white.
I prefer going out to staying at home.
Staying home isn't fun.
I would rather stay at home.
I felt the house shake.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
The house is on fire.
The house was carried away by the flood.
The house is on fire!
I have three daughters to marry off.
Why don't you wear summer clothes?
How was your summer vacation?
The summer vacation begins in July.
The summer vacation is over.
Summer is gone.
Do you like summer?
The summer is over.
I was in London most of the summer.
I'm already accustomed to the heat of summer.
I would like to join the summer camp.
We can see a lot of stars at night in summer.
I often go swimming at the beach in the summer.
Which do you like better, summer or winter?
Summer has come.
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
I live in Kakogawa.
What is the price?
Observe his facial reaction when we mention a price.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
Who do you think you are?
Do you have any CDs?
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.
For how many nights?
I haven't seen him for years.
How many days does it usually take to get there?
How long will it take?
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.
How many children do you have?
How many people?
Some were late.
Some boys came into the classroom.
I can see some people walking across the street.
Somebody caught me by the arm.
Where can I buy a ticket?
You may sit wherever you like.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
What time does it close?
I felt tired from having worked for hours.
It rained for hours and hours.
What time does it open?
When was it finished?
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
What time can you come?
What time do you go to bed?
What time did you eat?
What time does it start?
What time is dinner?
What time do you get up?
When did you get up?
When will you come home?
What time should I check in?
Do you know what time the shop is closed?
What time?
Do you know what day it is?
About what time?
When will you be back?
Don't do anything by halves.
Nothing happened.
All things must have an end.
I will stand by you whatever happens.
What language is spoken in America?
Why did she interrupt me?
Why didn't you tell her?
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
Why didn't you come?
Some of the birds didn't fly.
What did you buy?
What are you reading?
What was stolen?
What're you waiting for?
What are you laughing at?
What should I eat?
What should I bring?
What did you make?
Come on!
What are you thinking about?
Not knowing what to say, she remained silent.
What do you mean?
Why are you so happy?
What makes you so sad?
Nobody could decide as to what to do.
Tell me what to do.
What do you want to do?
What would you like to drink?
Duty should come before anything else.
That won't change anything.
You have nothing to fear.
I could not see anything.
Sometimes everything goes wrong.
What were we talking about?
For what?
What for?
What a beautiful rainbow!
I don't know how to reply to that question.
What a pity!
I didn't know what to say.
How blue the sky is!
I have no words to express my gratitude.
I tried everything to keep him alive.
I managed to make myself understood in English.
What a lovely doll!
Do something!
Can't you do something to help me?
What a waste of water!
What a waste of energy!
What led you to believe it?
Why me?
Ask me anything!
What a good idea!
It's to your advantage to learn everything you can.
I am entirely at your service.
Eat whatever you like.
What marvelous weather.
What's it made from?
What was that?
Holy cow!
I didn't hear what you said.
We'll what?
What are you going to do?
I want something cold to drink.
I want to drink something cold.
Tell me what you want.
What's new?
There must be another way.
I want something to read.
Are you doing anything special?
Would you like to leave a message?
I want something hot to drink.
We want something new.
Give me something to eat.
Can I have something to eat?
I want something to eat.
Do you have anything to eat?
Bring me something to eat.
Please give me something to eat.
I need something to write with.
I want something to write on.
Give me something to write with.
Give me something to write on.
Do you collect anything?
Can I help you?
Do you have any questions?
There appears to have been an accident.
I think there has been some misunderstanding here.
What do you want me to do?
May I say something?
Do you have a plan?
What's worrying you?
Something terrible is about to happen.
What's going on?
What would happen?
I wonder what happened.
What's up?
Do you know what happened?
I want something sweet to eat.
Please give me something to drink.
Give me something to drink.
Will you give me something to drink?
May I have something to drink?
I want something to drink.
I'd like something to drink.
Are you implying something?
Give me a ring if you find out anything.
Do you have any good news?
Is there anything else you want me to do?
I'll give you a present.
What is missing?
Would you like anything to eat?
Don't you have anything to do?
What is over there?
Do you play any sports?
I have to do something.
Let's play something.
If there is anything you want, don't hesitate to ask me.
Will you leave a message?
Do you have anything further to say?
I hope I can be of some help to you.
What do you suggest?
I need some good advice.
What made you come here?
Is there anything that I can do for you?
Hey, what happened?
Anything new?
Did you notice any change?
You'll need a temporary bridge.
If I were you, I would go home and take a good rest.
Here's some medicine for diarrhea.
I have diarrhea.
I got soaked to the skin.
Correct the underlined words.
Translate the underlined sentences.
See below.
Turn down the volume, please.
The concert will take place next Sunday.
I listen to music.
Let's listen to some music.
Music makes our life happy.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
Tastes in music vary from person to person.
I hear music.
Still waters run deep.
Don't make any noise, I'm studying.
Sound travels very quickly.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
What is the temperature?
The temperature falls.
Am I slipping?
How should I know?
I'm a free man.
Was I wrong?
I am incomplete.
I'm a hero.
I cried all night long.
There's nothing I can do.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
Don't worry about me.
Don't put it on my desk.
My love has gone far away.
Leave me alone!
I love that chair.
It's my CD.
Are you talking to me?
I can't do it.
I feel something.
It was too nice a day to stay inside.
There's ample room in the attic.
The roof was damaged by the storm.
I saw the moon above the roof.
I see a bird on the roof.
The bird on the roof is a crow.
That's Tom's house with the red roof.
We saw the bird when we visited Okinawa.
Are you aware that Okinawa is closer to China than to Honshu?
Is Okayama a big city?
There is a yellow rose.
The prince was lost in the woods.
The king crushed his enemies.
The king was executed.
The king abused his power.
Mr Wang is from China.
The king governed the country.
In Europe and America they regard the dog as a member of the family.
Is this the right way to Yokohama Station?
Yokohama is a beautiful port town.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
I need first aid.
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?
Round trip or one-way?
How's your wife?
Please say hello to your wife.
Pass me the salt, please.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
Salt is necessary for a cook.
Salt is necessary for cooking.
Salt is a useful substance.
Salt is sold by weight.
He should have bought some pencils.
I bought a dozen pencils today.
I have lost my pencil.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Please write your name with a pencil.
Lead bends easily.
Which is heavier, lead or gold?
We saw a castle in the distance.
Don't beat about the bush.
A church spire could be seen in the distance.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
Can you see far?
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
Seen from a distance, this mountain looks like Mt. Fuji.
The small island looked like a tortoise from a distance.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
Don't say such a thing.
Black smoke came out of the chimney.
Smoke was rising from the chimney.
Smoking is a bad habit.
Smoking is harmful to your health.
The concert is about to start.
François gave a speech.
Action!
Draw a circle.
There is a bank in front of the station.
How long does it take to walk to the station?
It's an hour's walk to the station.
I don't feel up to running to the station.
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
Can you tell me how to get to the station?
The station is to the west of the hotel.
The station is situated in between the two towns.
The station is nearby.
The station is a ten minute drive from here.
The station is not far from here.
The station is two miles away.
Is there a bank near the station?
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
London, the capital of England, is on the Thames.
Can you speak English?
Speaking English is very difficult for me.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
Speaking English is not easy.
Speaking English is useful.
Speaking English is difficult.
Is it hard to speak English?
Let's speak English.
Must I speak English?
Have you begun studying English?
Let's study English.
I'm studying English.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
English is difficult to learn.
I can speak a little English.
To master English is hard.
What is the best way to learn English?
Learning English is hard work.
Learning English requires patience.
I've studied English for five years.
I cannot speak English, much less Spanish.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
English is difficult, isn't it?
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
English is studied all over the world.
English is not easy for us.
English is not my native language.
English is a very important language in today's world.
English has become an international language.
English is an international language.
English is spoken in many countries.
English is spoken in Canada.
Do you have an English dictionary?
I would like to be an English teacher.
"Some English words have two spellings - ""gray"" and ""grey"", for example."
It is fun to speak in English.
Answer in English.
Must I answer in English?
Do you have a book written in English?
What do you call this bird in English?
Say it in English.
What do you call this insect in English?
I wish I could speak English.
I wish I could swim.
It's warm enough to swim.
It's much too cold to swim.
How about going swimming?
I should like to go for a swim.
You may swim.
Thanks to Mr Nagata.
Movie making is an exciting job.
Would you like to go to a movie?
I was at a movie theater.
I'd like to go to the movies.
Was the movie good?
Do you like movies?
Did you enjoy the film?
Has the movie started yet?
The movie was so sad that everybody cried.
How did you enjoy the movie?
The movie starts at ten o'clock.
I'm going to go to the movies.
The clouds hid the sun.
The clouds are getting darker.
Do you have a driver's license?
May I see your driver's license, sir?
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
The driver told us which bus we should take.
It is wrong to tell a lie.
It is wrong to tell lies.
You are lying.
The end justifies the means.
Never tell a lie!
Telephone me if it rains.
After rain comes fair weather.
It's a rainy day.
It rained nonstop.
It has stopped raining.
It rained heavily.
The rain lasted a week.
It is raining all the time.
Rainy days make me depressed.
I like to walk in the rain.
In case it rains, I won't go.
The rain prevented me from coming.
We had to call off the game because of rain.
In spite of the rain, the game was not cancelled.
It looks like rain.
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
I'm afraid it's going to rain.
I was late because of the rain.
It began to rain cats and dogs.
The rain changed to snow.
I wish it would stop raining.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
I'll take in the washing before it rains.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
When it rains, she takes the bus.
Is it going to rain?
I said it might rain.
It's been raining since last night.
It may rain.
It is going to rain.
Rain doesn't depress people who like reading.
It was raining, and Joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
I don't like to go outside when it's raining.
It was raining.
A heavy rain began to fall.
It is raining hard.
I wish the rain would stop.
If only the rain would stop!
It is raining heavily.
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
What is the origin of the universe?
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
There are innumerable stars in the universe.
There are millions of stars in the universe.
There are many galaxies in the universe.
I can't lift my right arm.
I can't bend my right arm.
My right foot is sleeping.
Turn to the right.
Take the road on the right.
May I offer you a drink?
Gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other.
The drawer won't open.
Can you help me when I move?
Let's turn back.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
Lightning precedes thunder.
Lightning can be dangerous.
Lightning is an electrical phenomenon.
A minute has sixty seconds.
Which is the hottest of all the seasons?
How much is the most expensive car?
Where is the nearest telephone box?
Where's the nearest drugstore?
Where's the nearest museum?
Where's the nearest library?
Where is the nearest bank?
Where's the nearest church?
Where's the nearest art gallery?
Where's the nearest shopping mall?
Where is nearest American Express office?
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week.
The best thing would be for you to do the work yourself.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
Generally speaking, Americans like coffee.
Generally speaking, history repeats itself.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
The public is the best judge.
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
I feel like a drink.
Please give me a cup of milk.
I'll buy you a drink.
Want a drink?
We have a lot of snow at this time of the year.
There are four seasons in a year.
A day has twenty-four hours.
The day is almost over.
We have six lessons a day.
Please try one.
Are you sure you've never met him?
Don't attempt two things at a time.
How many books can I take out at one time?
Rome was not built in a day.
What on earth are you doing here?
Where on earth did you meet him?
Can the rumor be true?
He worked hard.
I dislike being alone.
A woman appeared from behind a tree.
Left alone, I sometimes feel like crying.
Leave me alone.
I like to travel by myself.
Can you put on a kimono by yourself?
I'd rather stay home than go alone.
I don't want to go alone.
Did you come here alone?
Take me with you.
Won't you come with me?
May I run with you?
Do you want to come along?
Let's sing some English songs together.
Would you like to go swimming with us?
A moment's hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
I was in the hospital for a week.
We plan to stay a week.
There are seven days in a week.
I met her an hour ago.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
I'll be back within an hour.
I arrived at Narita the day before yesterday.
I received your letter the day before yesterday.
Can I have a bite?
A bare word of criticism makes her nervous.
He didn't say a word.
January is the first month of the year.
We have snow in January.
I'm taking an exam in January.
I want to sing a song.
The family had a hard time after the war.
Except for Tom, the family was all watching TV in silence.
The sky looks threatening.
A word is enough to a wise man.
I'll tell you a story.
May I ask a favor of you?
Would you do me a favor?
I have a favor to ask of you.
Inoue doesn't like computers.
Can I use my medical insurance?
Do you have medical insurance?
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
The doctor felt my pulse.
The doctor examined my throat.
The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
The doctor forbade me to take part in the marathon.
The doctor ordered me to stay in bed.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
The doctor examined the patients.
What did he say?
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
You had better do as the doctor advised you.
Had he taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
Did you see a doctor?
I think you should see a doctor.
You must see a doctor.
Did you go to the doctor?
I think he is a doctor.
The doctor treated her injury.
Medical science has made a dramatic advance.
He died without having made a will.
I'm sorry to say, but the service isn't very good.
Wrong.
No, no, no!
Please get dressed.
My stomach hurts.
It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
Is everything all right?
It is under the chair.
Two seats were vacant.
He'll make a good husband.
I lost consciousness.
She is unconscious.
The committee meets twice a month.
The committee consists of eight members.
His influence in the committee became weaker and weaker.
The great critic and the poet are traveling together.
A great scholar is not necessarily a good teacher.
Great men are not always wise.
On your marks, get set, go!
I still haven't heard from him.
Does Mr Ito teach history?
Mr Ito teaches history.
Mr. Ito wants to see you.
I used to play with my sister in the park.
You used to smoke, didn't you?
There used to be a church here.
I've always wanted to meet you.
Have we met before?
I've been to Hokkaido before.
Is that all?
Darkness is the absence of light.
Could you send me a brochure?
It is too dark to play outside.
Come home before it gets dark.
I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
Come home before dark.
Don't go out after dark.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
Have a safe trip.
You should stay in bed.
I feel relieved.
Any watch will do, so long as it's cheap.
It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
Bad weather prevented us from starting.
I got sick.
It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
I meant no harm.
Is it getting worse?
I meant you no harm.
Not bad.
Okay. Sorry.
It's very hard to get rid of bad habits.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
You won't regret it.
Is there a problem?
What a good dancer Aoi is!
Aoi dances well.
Aoi became a dancer.
Aoi dances.
You cannot live by love alone.
Accept a person's love.
Nothing is as precious as love.
Love and Peace.
Love is seeing her in your dreams.
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
It is sad not to be loved, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
It is love that rules the world.
Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
We must not laugh at the poor.
We defeated the enemy.
None of us is perfect.
We were sweating in the heat.
We are not born for ourselves.
We are subject to the laws of nature.
We should do our best.
We find ourselves in the twilight of our civilization.
Don't mention our plan to anybody.
I am ashamed of myself.
I'll be sixteen years old next month.
I must finish my homework before dinner.
I walked up the hill.
I usually go to bed at ten.
I'm tired now.
I couldn't get in touch with him.
I saw him run away.
I like both dogs and cats.
I know an American girl who speaks Japanese very well.
I can't walk because of my broken leg.
I swim once a week.
I have nothing to boast about.
I have a cat and a dog.
We've finished cleaning our classroom.
I'm from Kyoto.
I'd rather go swimming.
I like pizza very much.
I'm learning how to type.
I didn't take part in the conversation.
I wanted to go there.
I went into details.
I prefer coffee to tea.
I invited them to the party.
I always walk to school.
I can understand your language.
I want to travel with you.
I am a bachelor.
I am at home.
I believe in Ken.
I am more beautiful than you.
It seems to me that you are wrong.
My house is only a mile from here.
My aunt lives in New York.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
I have a lot of work to do.
We have seen three wars.
It is just a year since I got married.
It's hard for me to live on my small income.
What little money he earned he spent on books.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
The eagle is king of birds.
Don't ask me why.
We import tea from India.
Our cities create serious pollution problems.
Computer science has made rapid progress in our country.
There is a church near my house.
I am beginning to understand.
Certainly. What can I do?
I don't know, said Tony.
Our team lost.
Our army attacked the kingdom.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
May I see the wine list?
Wine is made from grapes.
Wine helps digest food.
There is little wine left.
Did you visit the Tower of London?
I got on the train for London.
On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things.
London is one of the largest cities in the world.
London was bombed several times.
What time is it in London now?
London is the capital of England.
Was it rainy in London?
London is on the Thames.
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
London's climate differs from that of Tokyo.
During my stay in London, I met him.
I have been to London before.
There are a lot of parks in London.
I got a letter from a friend of mine in London.
I ordered a book from London.
Long skirts are in fashion.
Robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf.
Rock is the music of the young.
We'd like a bottle of rosé.
Russian is very difficult to learn.
Have you ever gone to Paris?
Los Angeles is the second largest city in the United States.
The surprise party for Laura is not tonight, but tomorrow night.
Have you ever visited Rome?
Rome is an old city.
Rome is in Italy.
The history of Rome is very interesting.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
Let go of the rope.
Don't let go of the rope.
The candles made the room bright.
Please light a candle.
The candle went out by itself.
I'd like to rent a car.
I would also like to rent a car.
Lemon is sour.
A tea with lemon, please.
When must I turn in the report?
When does the restaurant open?
Reagan became President of the United States in 1981.
Lucifera Vampirella is cute.
Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
Lucy is from America.
Lucy came to see me three days ago.
Lynn runs fast.
Linda loves chocolate.
I am eating an apple.
Apples grow on trees.
I'd like two kilos of apples.
Do you like apples?
The apples are not quite ripe.
All the apple trees were cut down.
Half of the apples are rotten.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
The apple fell from the tree.
The apples are ripe.
An apple fell off the tree.
An apple fell to the ground.
Lincoln was opposed to slavery.
Lincoln set the slaves free.
Lincoln died in 1865.
The other girls are jealous of Lily because she is extremely pretty.
Please relax.
What time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport?
A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
I haven't seen Rick since he returned from New Zealand.
Richard Roberts is the author of numerous books.
Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing.
The squirrel was busy gathering nuts.
Squirrels are quick of movement.
A squirrel hid among the branches.
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
Her name wasn't on the list.
I added his name to the list.
Lisa speaks not only English but also French.
Few students can read Latin.
Last call!
While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
I'm listening to the radio.
Turn off the radio, please.
Will it bother you if I turn on the radio?
Turn on the radio.
Please turn on the radio.
Radio is a great invention.
Turn the radio up a little.
Turn down the radio.
Could you turn down the radio?
The radio is too loud.
The radio doesn't work.
Turn the radio down.
We listened to his lecture on the radio.
The radio is too loud. Turn the volume down.
The radio is a bit loud.
The radio is out of order.
The radio broadcast the news in detail.
Send me a racket and my tennis shoes.
Playing rugby, he got injured.
My whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game.
How many people do you need for a rugby game?
Do you have any light beer?
Do you have a lighter?
I searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it.
The lions are in the cage.
The lion is the king of beasts.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
Did you hear the roar of the lions?
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
Thank you in advance.
If you like, I will teach you to play chess.
You all right?
Fair enough!
This was before John was put in prison.
The yacht sailed around a buoy.
All right, I will do it again.
Mind your own business.
I can't sleep well.
Listen carefully.
I often see him.
Shake before using.
I feel depressed often.
I often go to the movies.
How dare you speak like that to me?
What a nerve!
Do you have this symptom often?
I sneeze a lot.
Good. No absentees.
I've never been to Europe.
No city in Europe is as populous as Tokyo.
School starts in September in Europe.
Sweet dreams!
Good traditions should be preserved.
Do you think we'll have good weather?
Have a good weekend!
To write good English requires a lot of practice.
Have a nice day.
I wish you a Happy New Year.
Who runs faster, Yumi or Keiko?
Walk slowly.
Take your time.
Work slowly.
Drive slowly.
Speak slowly and clearly.
A strange thing happened last night.
I was expecting you last night.
What is a UFO?
Miss Young is very kind.
Much still remains to be done.
Show me how to do it, please.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
At last, my turn came.
Thank God it's Friday!
You never know what you can do till you try.
I found it impossible to get in contact with him.
In order to lose weight some people skip meals.
It may rain soon.
Hello, John! How are you?
Hi! How are you?
I have nothing further to say.
No one speaks this language anymore.
I used to read novels at random.
You must be more polite.
I wish I were taller.
Raise your voice.
Louder.
Speak louder, please.
Louder, please.
Do you have a larger size?
Less noise, please.
Eat more fresh vegetables.
Be more flexible.
I wish I were younger.
Could you reduce the price a little?
Haven't you got a cheaper edition?
Do you have anything cheaper?
Can you give me a better price?
Do you have less expensive ones?
Do you have anything less expensive?
He asked me to speak more slowly.
Walk more slowly.
Could you drive more slowly?
Could you speak more slowly, please?
I should have come earlier.
Does anyone want some more pie?
I'll explain the matter to you later on.
I want a lot more.
You should eat more fruit.
I wish I earned more money.
If I had more money, I could move to a bigger house.
Yes, of course.
Of course I will go.
Definitely!
Why not?
If you can, come with us.
If we had wings, could we fly to the moon?
I will go out if it is fine tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I'm not going to the meeting.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
Were I you, I would ignore it.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
If I knew his address, I would write to him.
If he had stayed at home that day, he would not have met with disaster.
Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a thing.
If I had known it, I would have told it to you.
If I were you, I would accept his offer.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
You can go if you want to.
But for your help, he would have failed.
If I had money, I could buy it.
Correct me if I am wrong.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
If that's false, she's a liar.
Hello. This is Joe Carlton. May I speak to Michael?
Hello. This is Ogawa speaking.
Are you there?
Hello, I'm Tomoko Sato from Japan.
Hello, is Mr Freeman in?
Hello, this is Mike.
If this proposal is put into practice, the business world will be affected to a significant degree.
If your coffee is too strong, add some sugar.
He might change his mind.
What would you say if you were in my place?
I apologize if I hurt your feelings.
I've been to the mall.
Mozart's life was very short.
I've already had my supper.
It's midnight already.
It's already ten o'clock at night.
There's no turning back.
I'm so full.
Have you called her yet?
It is time for her to go home.
Did you call him yet?
Have you met him already?
You had better not go there again.
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
Have you eaten lunch yet?
I have already eaten lunch.
It's late.
No one trusts him any more.
It's time to go to bed.
I can't eat any more.
I want to sleep a little more.
I wish I were a little taller.
May I ask you some more questions?
I'll think about it.
I wish I had a better memory.
A little more to the right, just like so!
Do you have a cheaper room?
Please speak a little more slowly.
Just a little more patience.
I'd like some more bread, please.
I almost forgot it.
Would you like some more salad?
Have you finished your homework?
Time is up.
Have you finished yet?
The damage is done.
Have you washed your hands yet?
We have no time.
Now that we're alone, let's have fun.
I've made up my mind.
There's no need to cry like a child.
I've already finished my work.
Have you read today's paper yet?
I have to leave now.
I have got to go now.
I must leave now.
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
No, thank you.
Let's not argue anymore.
Can I go home now?
You can go home now.
It's already time to go home.
I don't have to wear glasses any more.
It is time to go to school.
You'd better go home now.
I feel like another beer.
Give me another cup of tea.
I want to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I'll see him again.
Explain it once more, Jerry.
Could you repeat that, please?
Pardon me?
Could you please repeat it slowly?
Let's try again.
It is no use trying again.
Give me a second chance.
Give me another chance.
Read it once more.
Try it once again.
Do it a second time.
I want to go there once more.
Do it again!
I want to see them again.
Let's try once again.
Please show me another one.
May I have another piece of cake?
Would you like another piece of cake?
It is already dark.
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
No more parties.
How long have you been living in Tokyo?
I can't study anywhere in my house. It's too noisy.
I almost drowned.
Almost.
That's too much.
It's about time to start.
It's about time to go to school.
That will do.
There's nothing there.
I was nearly hit by a car.
My birthday is coming soon.
We are going to have a baby.
It is almost three.
I can no longer remain silent.
I don't want any more.
I've had coffee already.
I'll try again, thank you.
It's already seven.
It's six o'clock already.
If only I had left home five minutes earlier.
One more step, and you'll be a dead man.
One more step, and I would have fallen off the cliff.
Have another cup.
Try again.
Once more, please.
Is there any space for one more person?
I'm tired of it.
We have already finished our dinner.
Now I'm wide awake.
Now it's time to say good night.
They are melons.
Meros is anything but a liar.
Mary wants to become a teacher.
Mary is interested in politics.
Mary can dance well.
Mary and Jane are cousins.
May I have the menu, please?
May I see a menu, please?
Read the message once more.
It has become noticeably colder.
Meg is preparing breakfast.
Meg found a four leaf clover.
Meg was happy about meeting Tom again.
Meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans.
Meg talks too much.
Have you ever been to Mexico?
Is Spanish spoken in Mexico?
Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
I am looking for my glasses.
I can't find my glasses.
Mary is both intelligent and kind.
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
Mary looks like her mother.
Mary is not as tall as he.
Mary is tall.
Mary understands Chinese.
Mary ran.
Mary is an ingenuous student.
Mary showed the letter to me.
Mary came up to me when she saw me.
Mary blamed Jack for leaving their children unattended.
Mary stayed up late last night.
How is Mary?
Mary looked at herself in the mirror.
Mary is sitting at the desk.
Mary is respected by everyone.
Mary can swim.
Mary likes milk very much.
Mary plays the piano.
Mary is a very pretty girl.
Mary has just come home.
Mary has already started.
Mary told John the secret.
Mary swims as fast as Jack.
Mary declined an invitation to the concert.
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
Mary is cute. So is Jane.
Mary is helping her mother.
I met a friend of Mary's.
Mary and I are in the same class.
Mary and I became good friends.
Mary and I were ill in bed yesterday.
How did you get to know Mary?
Mary. That's my name.
I see Mary playing the piano.
Wherever Mary goes, the sheep follows her.
I would prefer an honorable death.
The building you see over there is an auto factory.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
You're disgusting!
Once upon a time, there lived an old man.
All were silent.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
We all have missed you.
All are happy.
Get to work, everybody.
Nobody likes it.
Everybody is waiting for you.
They are all irritable.
Let's pretend we are aliens.
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
Everyone loves Mac.
Everyone calls him Jeff.
Everybody called me Tony in those days.
Everybody calls the small cat Tora.
I remembered everybody.
Everyone thinks the same thing.
All were happy.
Everybody had a good year.
Drink up your milk.
Get me a glass of milk.
Would you like a cup of milk?
There isn't any milk left.
How about some milk?
I have an allergy to milk.
Cheese is made from milk.
Dr. Miller wants you to wait for a while.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.
They all looked happy.
I wish you all a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
Order, please.
Bees make honey.
Bees provide honey for us.
Look out for bees.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Misako married a Canadian last June.
Stop beating around the bush.
I spent a whole day cleaning up my room.
You talk as if you were the boss.
He is a living fossil!
Mariko speaks English excellently.
Mary has a flower in her hand.
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
Malaria is a disease that mosquitoes carry.
Mayuko entered the room.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Mayuko has not slept enough.
Mayuko can ride a bicycle.
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
Mayuko called me back.
Mayuko wore a flower crown.
Mayuko came directly home.
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
Mayuko was alone in the room.
Mayuko looks cross.
Mayuko dreamed a strange dream.
Mayuko's dream came true.
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
Dinner will be ready soon.
It will be winter before long.
It will clear up soon.
It is going to rain soon.
It will be dark soon.
Mr White soon began to feel guilty.
Do you have a match?
I agree completely.
It's really horrible.
It is me that is wrong.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
See you next week!
I don't know yet.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
My foot's asleep again!
I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
The night is still young.
We still have plenty of time left.
There is yet time.
See you again.
It's still raining.
Is it still raining?
How nice to be in Hawaii again!
I've never been to Paris.
We still have plenty of time.
You've got plenty of time.
See you soon!
The line is still busy.
I hope to see you again.
They asked him.
I'm not ready yet.
I can still hear your voice.
We must finish our homework first.
Physically impossible.
It's getting warmer and warmer.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
More and more people offered to help.
I think I'll start with a bottle of beer.
Let's decide together where to go first.
I want to eat some cake first.
Don't take me seriously. I'm only joking.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
You are the last person I expected to see here.
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
An earthquake of magnitude 5 shook Tokyo.
You reap what you sow.
May I speak to Mike, please?
Mike got back from the library at five.
Mike smiled.
Mike named his dog Spike.
Mike was elected chairperson.
Mike sings well.
Mike likes to play basketball.
Mike's job at home is cleaning the windows.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
Mike and Tom are in the same class.
Mike and Ken are friends.
Mike laughs.
How are you, Mike?
I guess we could.
I'm kind of happy.
I saw him but once.
I saw her just the other day.
Only fifteen minutes.
Mr White has gone to Canada.
Mr White has gone to India.
Mr White and I are not friends, only acquaintances.
Who designed the White House?
Allow me to introduce you to Mr White.
Here's my wallet.
Look, she said.
Here comes the bus!
Here comes the train.
Here comes Jane. Do you know her?
Here is my bicycle.
Look! There's a cat in the kitchen.
Bob can drive a car, too.
Bob can cook.
Bob became an engineer.
Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
Bob could not control his anger.
Is Bob right?
Bob must have had an accident.
Bob is my friend.
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
Bob was shy when he was a high school student.
Bob writes to me once a month.
Bob is popular at school.
Bob seldom writes to his parents.
Bob has been engaged to Mary for over a year.
Bob filled the pot with water.
Bob was very happy.
Bob often tries to give up smoking.
Bob told Jane not to interfere in his personal affairs.
Bob can answer all the questions.
I am sure that Bob will pass the examination.
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
Bob is a nice person.
Bob will be home at six.
Bob and Tom are brothers.
We won't start till Bob comes.
Bob helped me.
I don't know when Bob came to Japan.
Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
Bobby must go to bed by 7:30.
I can hardly walk.
Almost everybody appreciates good food.
Almost all of the pupils were in the classroom.
Almost all the students believed the rumor.
There's very little paper left.
He's almost as tall as me.
I need to put some gas in the car, as it's almost empty.
I know almost nothing about it.
Almost all the leaves have fallen.
Most Japanese take a bath every day.
Most big Japanese companies depend on exports.
Few people know that Mr. Itsumi is from Kansai.
Almost everyone believed the rumor.
Most of the dogs are alive.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
Almost all of the dogs are alive.
Take a taxi to the hotel.
Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?
There is a bank in front of the hotel.
I'd like to talk to the hotel manager.
During lunch in the hotel dining room, the girl named Stella collapsed, and when Dr. Stewart examined the body he said...
I had a part-time job as a hotel maid, but I didn't like it very much.
The road which leads to the hotel is narrow.
I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
I like pop music.
Did you push the button?
Don't touch that button!
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
What track for Boston?
Where is the mailbox?
My host family often advises me.
Take as many cookies as you want.
Look out for pickpockets.
We crossed the lake in a boat.
Tomorrow is my day off.
I wish to see my father.
I don't know, nor do I care.
I'm about ready.
I go to bed very early.
I'm a little angry with you.
I neither drink nor smoke.
I can easily touch my toes.
In my opinion he is not fit for the work.
I'm Tom Hunter.
I will try it again.
I'm feeling fit.
I know only this.
I came across this book in a secondhand bookstore.
I have to keep my mind on this important question.
I don't like coffee.
I prefer tea to coffee.
I want some money.
I'm in need of money.
I belong to the karate club.
I like tennis very much.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
My pen isn't as good as yours.
You can come with me.
It's all over between us.
Boxers need quick reflexes.
I know a good Italian restaurant.
Where are the other girls?
Is everything OK here?
Is anyone else bidding?
Throw the ball back to me.
Please throw the ball.
Paul is punctual like a clock.
Paul studies very hard these days.
The ball bounced high in the air.
Balls are round.
Paul didn't become arrogant even though he was rich.
The ball rolled across the road.
A ball is floating down the river.
We couldn't figure out what Paul wanted to do.
I would like to see Mr Holmes.
I feel homesick.
The boat sank in a flash.
A boat capsized.
There are people who don't like spinach.
Do you have a pen?
Pens and pencils are examples of writing tools.
Ben put his hands in his pockets.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Write with pen and ink.
Please write with a pen.
Sit down on the bench.
The two men sitting on the bench were Americans.
We'll paint it.
The paint hasn't dried yet.
You wash the dishes, Ben.
Helen does not eat enough and she is getting thin.
Helen graduated from high school last year.
Helen always keeps her room clean.
Helen is seventeen years old.
Helen Keller was deaf and blind.
Helen, this is my cousin.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
It was in 1989 that the Berlin Wall was taken down.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
The bell has not rung yet.
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
What languages do they speak in Belgium?
The bell rang and the train moved off.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
The helicopter is so useful that someday it may take the place of cars and trains.
The helicopter is hovering overhead.
I'm on the balcony.
Some snakes are poisonous.
Betty can't tell right from wrong.
Betty killed her mother.
Betty killed her.
Betty killed him.
Betty drives fast.
Betty went to the sea yesterday.
Betty is watering the flowers.
Betty talks as if she knew everything.
Betty likes classical music.
Betty could sing better.
Anywhere with a bed will do.
No one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building.
Make your bed.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
There is a cat under the bed.
Beth accused her sister, Sally, of tearing her scarf.
Do your best.
Beethoven was a great musician.
Do you have Beethoven?
Peter loves Jane.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
Would you like bacon or sausage?
I didn't need to paint the fence.
How's your project coming along?
Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
Fred left his wife a large fortune.
Fred is always telling lies.
Fred kicked a ball.
Thank you for your present.
Something is wrong with the brakes.
The brake didn't work.
Here's your pudding.
I want to eat French cuisine.
I have a daughter who's married to a Frenchman.
Do you like French wines?
I want a person who can speak French.
Why don't you study French?
French is difficult to learn.
It's not easy to master French at all.
French is spoken by many.
French is spoken in France.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
I don't speak French very much.
If only I could speak French.
French is their mother tongue.
France is in western Europe.
France was at war with Russia.
France is adjacent to Spain.
France borders Italy.
The French flag is blue, white and red.
Artists are highly respected in France.
Plastic does not burn easily.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
Mr Brown is our English teacher.
Don't you know Mr. Brown?
Mr Brown is our financial adviser.
Brian bought a lipstick for Kate.
This is Brian Rock.
Becoming too fat is not good for one's health.
The rumor turned out to be false.
They have no more wine.
Football was played in China in the second century.
One of the twins is alive, but the other is dead.
The buzzer sounded.
I'll buy a Ford.
Could we have a fork?
There is a fork missing.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
What's the capital city of Finland?
Philip and Tom are related to each other.
Dr. Faust was well versed in alchemy.
Fabre wrote books about insects.
Ping-Pong is also called table tennis.
Bin lived in Singapore.
There is little wine left in the bottle.
There is little milk left in the bottle.
Who is the girl in the pink dress?
May I speak to Bill?
Bill is a baseball player.
Bill was in Japan.
Bill has a lot of original ideas.
Bill dived into the river to save the drowning child.
Bill is good at mathematics.
Bill will win, won't he?
Bill can ride a bicycle.
Bill is my best friend.
Bill brought me the book.
Bill never argues with other people.
Bill came to see me last autumn.
Bill lives near the sea.
Bill kept on crying for hours.
Bill turned on the television.
Bill stopped smoking.
Bill was killed by that man.
Bill signed up for the exam.
Bill did not commit the crime.
Bill is the more clever of the two brothers.
Bill is as tall as Jack.
There is a car in front of the building.
Bill has many friends.
The Hilton Hotel, please.
She might be seriously ill.
Perhaps he will come.
It might rain. We'd better take an umbrella.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
Hitler led Germany into war.
Hitler assumed power in 1933.
May I ask you a favor?
I have an idea.
My head aches so much.
I have a bad toothache.
I had a bad stomach-ache.
I've caught a terrible cold.
He said he was suffering from a bad headache.
It was dreadful weather.
I have terrible pains.
You're sick!
The teacher told me that Hitler killed himself.
Sheep provide us with wool.
I hurt my elbow.
Why don't we order pizza?
Pizza is my favorite food.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
Let's go to the picnic.
It's ideal weather for a picnic.
It's brand new.
Picasso is a famous artist.
Picasso painted this picture in 1950.
I'd like to buy a Picasso.
I feel like drinking a beer.
What about a glass of beer?
Would you like some more beer?
Could I have another glass of beer?
A beer, please.
I'll buy you a beer.
Two beers, please.
Beer bottles are made of glass.
I don't drink much beer.
The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
Let's go to the beach.
Peter has decided to leave tomorrow.
Peter is not in now.
Peter fell in love with the girl.
Playing the piano is her favorite pastime.
May I play the piano?
A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
A piano is expensive.
Bread and milk are good foods.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall; Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the King's horses and all the King's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Bread is made from flour.
Can I have two hamburgers and a coke, please?
I need some bread and milk.
Giant pandas live only in China.
Have you ever seen a panda?
Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
A trip to Hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars.
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
Hawaii is known as an earthly paradise.
"Hawaii is often referred to as ""The Pearl of the Pacific."""
I'd like to go to Hawaii.
Tell me what you did in Hawaii.
Happy Halloween!
Happy Valentine's Day.
I play volleyball a lot.
Do you like playing volleyball?
Let's play volleyball.
I'm thinking of going to Paris.
Have you ever been to Paris?
Paris has a great charm for Japanese girls.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
Paris is the capital of France.
Where is Paris?
Paris fell in 1940.
Paris is the center of the world, in a way.
I'm dying to see Paris.
I remember meeting him in Paris.
What's in fashion in Paris?
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
Harry is gentle with cats.
Harry is only 40.
Harry is ashamed of having lied to Sally.
Roses smell sweet.
The roses bloom in spring.
A rose smells sweet.
The roses are in full bloom.
Who wrote Hamlet?
Who acts Hamlet?
He's very shy. He says he wants to see you.
The pigeon and the ostrich are both birds; one can fly and the other cannot.
Pat is very talkative.
My bag was stolen.
Keep an eye on the bags.
To put it clearly, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
Get to the point!
Speak up!
I guess I haven't made myself clear.
A bee flew out of the window.
I ate nothing but bread and butter.
Butter is made from milk.
What is butter made of?
How much is the bus fare?
I'd like to have a single room with a bath for two nights.
A single room with bath, please.
Would you like a room with a bath or a shower?
The bus stop is across the street.
Show me the way to the bus stop.
What's the bus fare?
Please tell me where the bus stop is.
While I was waiting for the bus, I saw a traffic accident.
I took the wrong bus.
When riding a bus or a train, you need to pay the fare.
May I see your passport?
I have my passport.
Will you show me your passport, please?
Passport, please.
Show me your passport, please.
Do you remember your passport number?
I lost my passport. I'll have to get a new one.
I need your passport and three pictures.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
The bus was about to start.
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
The bus hasn't come yet.
There is only one bus every two hours.
The bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
The buses run every ten minutes.
What time does the bus leave?
I often talk to him on the bus.
Take a bus.
Should I take the bus?
It is cheaper to go by bus.
Let's take a bus.
Are you going by bus or car?
Let's go by train instead of by bus.
How long does it take by bus?
He came by bus.
Where is the bus terminal?
Basketball is a lot of fun.
The bus is behind time.
At first, I didn't like him.
Can I borrow your scissors?
Fill the bucket with water.
Bring me a bucket of water.
The bucket is full of water.
Don't be a fool.
Don't talk nonsense!
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
Yes, I know.
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
Yes, I like it very much.
Close the door after you.
We had better cancel the hike.
The sound of the violin is very sweet.
Yes, you must.
Yes, my name is Karen Smith.
Yes, we have been friends since our childhood.
Yes, I can.
Yes, I am from Sapporo.
Okay, let's go.
Yes, Bob helped me.
Here are your keys.
Yes, two.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
Don't you want to go to the party?
There were more than fifty girls at the party.
Over 100 people were present at the party.
Can you come to the party?
Please say hello to her if you see her at the party.
I had a lot of fun at the party.
At the party there was food in abundance.
I hope you had a good time at the party.
I need it for the parking meter.
I wish I could live at a more relaxed pace, instead of having to watch the clock all the time.
My throat feels dry.
I'm dying of thirst.
I'll call you back later.
Have you ever heard of Nessie?
It was a mouse.
Cats usually hate dogs.
The cat didn't move a muscle.
Cats can see in the dark.
Cats catch mice.
There is a cat.
Do I need a tie?
Will you marry me?
Come on, Bill.
Wet clothes adhere to the skin.
Bring me a moist towel.
New York State is almost as large as Greece.
How large is the population of New York City?
What time does the train for New York depart?
Have you ever been to New York?
New York is worth visiting.
We call New York the Big Apple.
How's the weather in New York?
We rented an apartment when we lived in New York.
There are a lot of tall buildings in New York.
In New York I lost my way.
How far is it from New York to London?
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
Nick owes me ten dollars.
Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That's because he's been studying it for 5 years.
He had no difficulty in finding the place.
What a beautiful garden!
How beautiful it is!
What a heavy bag!
What should I say?
What fun!
I have no excuse.
What a wonderful morning! I feel on top of the world.
What a wonderful machine!
What a beautiful flower!
What pretty flowers!
Why do I have to do that?
What a beautiful view!
How smart!
What made him change his mind?
What a big pumpkin!
What a big dog it is!
What a fast horse that is!
Your house is fantastic.
What a small world!
What a hot day it is!
How hot it is!
What a stroke of luck!
What?
How foolish!
What narrow stairs!
How cold it is!
What a queer story!
How cute!
What an unlucky boy I am!
How stupid he is!
What a wonderful night!
What an exciting game!
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
What a haughty fellow he is!
What a beautiful town!
This dish is terrific.
This soup is exquisite.
Love your neighbors.
What do you want to talk to me about?
Nancy is a capable nurse.
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
Nancy likes music.
Nancy has a piano.
Nancy looks so tired.
Nancy doesn't play tennis.
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
It is true he is a learned man, but he lacks common sense.
Napoleon was banished to Elba in 1814.
Naples is a picturesque city.
Everything is ready.
I'm still single.
Do you have anything to say?
No, it's second hand.
Why did she come home early?
Why did he run away?
Why did he stop smoking?
Why is he here?
Why did you turn down his offer?
Why didn't you dance with him?
Why did you come to Japan?
Why did you come early?
Why are there no taxis at the station today?
Tell me why he was absent.
Why are you looking so sad?
Why did you get so angry?
I don't know why you don't like him.
Do you know why the sky is blue?
Why are you crying?
Why did you quit?
Why?
Because I want to be a translator.
Because it is there.
Why do you say that?
What made you so angry?
Why do so many people visit Kyoto?
Why didn't you look at the picture?
Tell me why you want to go there.
Why are you in such a hurry?
Why do you work here?
Why do you like coffee strong?
Why did I go wrong?
Why does the US government let people have guns?
Why do you study?
Why didn't you believe me?
Why should you suspect me?
Why are you so tired today?
Why do you want to be a doctor?
Why did you get up so early?
"Why is autumn called ""fall"" in America?"
Why were you late this morning?
Why are your eyes so big?
Why are your ears so big?
Why is your mouth so big?
There still remains much to be done.
We must make up for lost time.
Some people are difficult to please.
Please lend me your knife.
May I borrow your knife?
It can be used as a knife.
There is a knife missing.
I don't think so.
What's this chair doing here?
Hey, Tom, forget about your worries.
Whatever book you read, read it carefully.
Any book will do.
How's the weather?
I wouldn't sell that at any price.
Any student can answer that question.
Anyone can do that.
What did you have to eat?
What symptoms do you have?
What evidence do you have?
What sort of information do you get on the Internet?
What kind of wine do you recommend?
What kind of sport do you like?
What kinds of beers do you have?
Any child can do that.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
I must help her at any cost.
There is a time for everything.
No man is so old he cannot learn.
What sports do you like?
Why do you need it?
What's your job?
How long does it take?
Tell me which one to choose.
Choose three books at random.
Which car is ours?
Which is your book?
Tracy lost her glasses.
Especially remarkable was her oval face.
Please shuffle the cards carefully.
Let's play cards.
Playing cards is a popular pastime.
A tiger is bigger and stronger than a cat.
I am used to driving a truck.
A truck hit the dog.
No one knows his address but Tom.
I count on Tom.
Tom was also there.
Tom pulled a long face when he heard the story.
Tom hurt his left knee during practice, so John had to play the game in his place.
Tom has no manners.
Tom is a good cook.
Tom was late for dinner.
Tom often fails to keep his word.
Tom likes to play baseball.
Tom awoke to find himself in a strange room.
Tom will go there tomorrow.
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
Tom is very kind.
Tom gets up at six every morning.
Tom laid the book aside and looked up.
Tom goes to school on foot.
Tom does anything but study.
Tom likes to knit.
Tom took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
It is said that Tom has a cold.
Tom never fails to send a birthday present to his father.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the cinema.
Tom usually goes to bed at ten-forty.
Tom had no appetite because of his illness.
Tom frowned.
Tom saved her from the fire.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
Tom is liked by his friends.
Tom is the tallest in his class.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
Tom did well considering his age.
Tom is in bed with a fever.
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
Tom is interested in mountaineering.
Tom is an electrical engineer.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
Tom walked across the street.
Tom was master of the situation in no time.
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Tom is getting better.
Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Tom can run fast.
Tom broke the window.
Tom can swim no more than a stone can.
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Tom is a student.
Tom is interested in mathematics.
Tom acted the part of a sailor.
Tom likes hot curry.
Tom is able to swim well.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
Tom lost his job.
Tom drove the car.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
Tom feels that his team will win the game.
Tom is taller than I.
Tom was mindful of my warning.
Tom sat two rows ahead of me.
Tom reminds me of a boy I used to know.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
Tom gave me a pen.
Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
Tom has lived in New York since he was a child.
Tom didn't have dinner last night.
Tom watched TV yesterday.
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
Need Tom stay home today?
Tom isn't watching TV now.
Tom is living with his uncle now.
Tom is playing the violin now.
Tom is a high school student.
Tom is growing a mustache.
Tom went back to his hometown.
Tom is absent.
Tom changed color.
Tom looks pale.
Tom met Mary on his way to school.
Tom hurt himself.
Tom is in the house.
Tom arrived late at the station.
Tom likes swimming.
Tom arrived last.
Tom has no friends to play with.
Tom walks slowly.
Tom is not an idle boy any longer.
Tom's already here, but Bill hasn't come yet.
Tom is still hospitalized.
Tom is not yet able to swim.
Tom speaks more slowly than Bill.
Tom got a small portion of pie.
Tom went to the city by bus.
Tom wants to be a pilot.
Does Tom like tomatoes?
How fast Tom speaks!
Tom runs very fast.
Tom swims very fast.
Where was Tom born?
Tom finally gave up smoking.
Tom can't play tennis.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
Tom hid under the table.
Tom doesn't like cheese.
Tom likes cheese.
Tom was a witness to the accident.
Tom showed interest in the plan.
It looks like Tom won the race.
Tom was all worn out.
Tom always makes fun of John because of his dialect.
Tom came running with a letter from Judy.
Tom is as tall as Jack.
Tom likes tea better than coffee.
Tom walked Kate home.
Tom is taller than his mother.
Tom is as tall as his father.
Tom always leaves his bicycle dirty.
Tom is lying ill in bed.
Tom is the most handsome actor in the world.
Tom is a friend of mine.
Tom's hope was to win first prize.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
Where is Tom's classroom?
According to Tom, Jane got married last month.
Tom and I are friends.
Tom and I have nothing in common.
Tom and I are good friends.
Tom and Sue have known each other since 1985.
Tom and John are good friends.
Tom and Jane got married last month.
Will you go with Tom?
Aren't you Tom?
Tom got first prize, didn't he?
Tom found me a taxi.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
How are you, Tom?
Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
What train goes to the center of town?
Every seat was full.
Each student has a locker.
Every student has to leave school by six.
His courage was celebrated in all the newspapers.
Each boy has a bike.
Where does it hurt?
Not all children like apples.
All children do not like apples.
Every country has its own history.
Every country has its national flag.
Which dog is yours?
Which shoes are you going to put on?
What season do you like the best?
What fruit do you like the best?
Every family has a skeleton in the closet.
Every house had a garden.
What lies are truth?
How shall we deal with this problem?
How did you get to know her?
What are the symptoms?
I don't know which button to push.
Every bus is full.
Which team will win?
Which skirt do you like?
How long have you been abroad?
How long will you be staying?
How long have you waited?
How deep?
How high is it?
How much will it cost?
How long will it stop there?
How long do you plan to stay?
Every dog is alive.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
Eat and drink.
Tony has a nice voice.
Does Tony study after dinner?
Tony lives in Kobe.
Tony speaks English well.
How old is Tony?
Where is Tony playing?
What does Tony do?
Tony was happy.
Where's Tony?
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
Who do you want to speak to?
I am too tired to walk any more.
It was very difficult.
I'm fine, thanks. Oh, Laura, this is my friend, Ayako.
I am greatly impressed.
I was moved.
It was so cold that I couldn't sleep.
It was so cold that I stayed at home all day.
It was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street.
It was so dark.
It was really cheap.
I feel very chilly.
That's a beautiful dress.
I'm as hungry as a bear.
I was very hungry.
It tastes very good.
It's very good.
It's very hot, isn't it?
Can you tell me which button to press?
Who's winning?
It doesn't matter.
Beat it.
Who is calling, please?
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Where would you like to go?
You may choose whichever book you like.
Which book is better?
Which book is yours?
We have not yet discussed which method is better.
Which boy is Masao?
Which team is likely to win?
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
Who do you work for?
You may choose whichever you want.
Take whichever you want.
Which is mine?
Tell me which you want.
I would rather not go.
Which is your guitar?
Who does Toshio like?
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
By the way, where are you from?
By the way, do you play the violin?
By the way, where do you live?
By the way, how old are you?
By the way, I have something to tell you.
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
Where can I park?
Guess where I've been.
I don't know where to go.
Where do you want to go?
Every hospital has a back-up electric generator in case of blackout.
Where can I get in touch with you?
Where can I get some help?
Where do you work?
Where should we meet?
Where can I get stamps?
Where can I get a taxi?
Where did you get it?
Where did you find the key?
Where did you get your camera repaired?
Is there a telephone anywhere?
Are you going anywhere?
I must have made a mistake somewhere.
Keep in touch with me.
Sometimes I run out of money.
Mr Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
Dorgan didn't know how to spell dachshund.
Can you come?
How is it going?
What's the difference?
How do you go to school?
I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
I seem to have caught a cold.
It looks like it's going to be sunny.
How did he come here?
How do you make a box?
How did you make it?
How do you plan to get home?
How did you obtain this painting?
How can I get rid of him?
I seem to have a temperature.
I seem to have a fever.
I'm sorry.
I don't get it.
I'm afraid it will rain.
I'm just looking, thank you.
After all she did not come.
At last, we reached California.
Go ahead with your story.
Please give us some examples.
Please tell me the truth.
May you live long!
Please drive carefully.
Please help me with my homework.
Stand back, please.
Please do it quickly.
Please come in one by one.
Open the door, please.
Close the door, please.
Please tell me your address.
Go ahead.
Please make yourself comfortable.
Please don't get up.
Sit down, please.
Please remain seated.
Go ahead!
Help yourself to the cake, please.
How can I get to heaven?
Not knowing what to do, I asked him for help.
What made her so angry?
How did you get to know him?
What prevented him from coming?
How come he hates Molly?
I wonder why nobody told me.
Why did you run away?
Why are you holding my hands?
I wonder why it's so crowded here today.
Why don't you ever say it?
Why are you under the desk?
Why did you come home so late?
Not knowing what to do, I telephoned the police.
How can I forget those days?
I want to get rid of it.
Why did you paint the bench red?
Why are you so angry?
How can I quit this job?
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
Why is it so hot?
How can I become rich?
How can I get to the zoo from here?
Please remain standing.
Turn on the light, please.
Please forgive me.
Please correct my pronunciation.
Keep it secret, please.
Please let me know the result by telephone.
Turn off the light, please.
Bring me a glass of water, please.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
Can you tell me the time, please?
Please give me a piece of bread.
Shut the door, please.
Please give me another chance.
Would you be so kind as to open the door for me?
Could you lend me the book?
Please leave me alone.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
I was at a loss for words.
Why does everything happen to me?
I don't know what motivated me to come here.
What are you implying?
How are you doing?
What's happening?
Where's the restroom?
The toilet is upstairs.
Where is the toilet?
Where's the toilet?
The toilet doesn't flush.
There's no toilet paper.
German is not an easy language.
I don't understand German at all.
Germany borders on France.
Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
When did you come back from Germany?
Don't open the door.
Would you mind shutting the door?
Keep the door closed.
Shut the door.
He painted the door blue.
Open the door.
Will you open the door?
We left the door open.
Who left the door open?
Lock the door.
Don't slam the door.
The door remained closed.
The door won't close.
There's a dog by the door.
The girl at the door is Lucy.
There is a man at the door.
She locked the door.
Keep the door locked.
Have you made sure the door is locked?
The door was locked and we couldn't get in.
The door opened.
The door won't open.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
Can I turn off the TV?
Please turn on the TV.
May I turn on the television?
We'll visit a factory which produces television sets.
Turn off the TV.
Mary likes watching TV.
Watching TV is fun.
I watch television.
Some people read the newspaper while watching television.
Let's play cards instead of watching television.
Don't watch TV.
Don't keep the TV on!
You must make room for the television.
Let's watch TV.
Do you mind if I turn down the TV?
Turn down the television.
Television helps us widen our knowledge.
According to the TV, it will rain tomorrow.
Many companies advertise their products on TV.
Can I turn on the TV?
The influence of TV on society is great.
The television doesn't work.
The TV doesn't work.
But we call him Tony at home.
I'm going to join a demonstration.
But you like it!
David can speak French fluently.
David is very active.
Then let us begin.
Do you play tennis?
Playing tennis is good for your health.
It's fun to play tennis.
I play tennis an hour a day.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
Are you good at tennis?
Tennis began in France in the thirteenth century.
I like playing tennis and golf.
I have tennis elbow.
You are a good tennis player.
I'd like to play tennis.
I like playing tennis.
Detroit is famous for its car industry.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
What would you like for dessert?
I want ice cream for dessert.
I would like to go home now.
I'll do everything I can.
Walk as fast as possible.
Run as fast as you can.
Come as soon as possible.
You should start as early as possible.
Will you send someone to fix it as soon as possible?
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
Come on Tuesday, if possible.
The table was covered with dust.
There is a book on the table.
Is there a cat on the table?
There is a flower on the table.
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
There is an apple on the table.
On the table there was a cat.
There are no oranges on the table.
There is a glass on the table.
There is an orange on the table.
Is there a cat under the table?
Under the table was a black cat.
A table has four legs.
Were there any glasses on the table?
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
Tim's motorbike is far more expensive than mine is.
Dave is the fastest swimmer of all my classmates.
Dinner is ready.
Dick had a traffic accident.
Dick died at ten years of age.
Disneyland was built in 1955.
Keep the change!
After a brief peace, war broke out again.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
At last, her dream to be a doctor came true.
At last he found out the truth.
At last, they came to a decision.
At last, he realized his error.
At last, we arrived at the village.
Summer has arrived at last.
Finally, in 1314, these games had become so violent and dangerous that King Edward II made a law.
Come here.
I've got a touch of the flu.
I have a slight fever.
I would like to make a phone call.
Just a moment, please.
Can you help me a little?
Please give me a hand.
Keep an eye on my bag for a while.
I'm just looking around.
Let me see it.
Be quiet for a moment.
Step aside.
Let's stop and take a rest.
It was just a joke.
May I interrupt you?
Hey, where are you going?
Chocolate tastes sweet.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
Give me a piece of chalk.
Bring me a piece of chalk.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
I have just finished my homework.
It is just half past seven.
I'm busy at the moment.
It is just five o'clock.
This is the very book you wanted.
I've just finished packing.
Don't hesitate. Speak out.
Can I change the channel?
You should eat something before you go.
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
Sit tight.
Chicken, please.
What do you say to a game of chess?
Chess is a highly intellectual game.
I will teach you to play chess.
Dan bought a new computer.
The days are getting longer and longer.
It's getting colder and colder.
It was getting dark.
Do you like dancing?
Why don't you come dancing with me?
I love you more than anyone else.
No one encouraged her.
None were satisfied.
Nobody was paying attention to her.
No one can separate them.
Nobody knows why he left the town.
No one can help me.
Everyone is ready.
It seems that no one knows the truth.
It seems that no one knew the truth.
It is interesting that no one noticed that mistake.
Everybody knew her true feelings.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
No one ever saw such a thing.
Who were you talking with?
Everyone is more or less interested in art.
Nobody likes being laughed at.
Everybody seeks happiness.
Anybody can make a mistake.
All are welcome.
It seems that everybody likes golf.
Everybody loves music.
Everybody knows the news.
I want someone to talk to.
Who invented the telephone?
Who left the window open?
Someone is at the door.
Who cares?
Who will compensate for the loss?
Someone will do that job.
Who wrote this book?
Someone entered the room.
Somebody must care for the patient.
Someone grabbed me from behind.
Someone is calling you.
Someone must have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Who teaches you French?
Who taught you how to dance?
The telephone is out of order, Mr Tamori.
No, don't go yet.
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
It's no crime to skip breakfast once in a while.
It's no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while.
How about dining out for a change?
Come and see me once in a while.
There is a chance that he will pass the exam.
It's going to rain.
Why don't you give up smoking?
Do you mind my smoking?
Smoking is permitted.
Stop smoking.
You'd better give up smoking.
Tobacco acts on the brain.
You must not smoke.
Smoking is dangerous to health.
Smoking is bad for your health.
I don't smoke.
You should smoke less.
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
Danny has no sense of beauty.
I will go cycling even if it rains.
I have to go even if it rains.
The game will be played even if it rains.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
They live there.
I've just finished my work.
I've just come back.
Not a single word did he say.
It only costs $10.00!
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs.
Ostriches are incapable of flight.
The ostrich has wings, but it cannot fly.
I could see nothing but fog.
You probably just have a cold.
We must act at once.
The line is busy now.
I'm home, Mom!
The kite got caught in the tree.
Takeshi raised his hand to ask a question.
I'll call you a taxi.
The taxi picked up two passengers.
No taxi stopped.
Let's take a taxi.
Why don't we take a taxi?
The taxi has arrived.
As there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
I want a lot.
The more you have, the more you want.
Many famous artists live in New York.
Many beautiful flowers bloom in spring.
Much water is needed.
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
A lot of people were killed in the war.
There are a lot of people walking there.
Many children were playing in the park.
A lot of fish perished.
Many paintings hang in the shop.
So he went in.
I tried to tell you.
So I'll get you something to eat.
So what? It doesn't matter to me.
Now stop crying.
Pigeons can find their way home with the help of the Earth's magnetic field.
Dry your face with a towel.
There are many hotels downtown.
Nothing is as hard as a diamond.
Fill the tires with air.
The tire leaks air.
I got a flat tire.
The pain has mostly gone away.
Do you have any other guidebooks about Thailand?
I usually walk.
Most Japanese temples are made of wood.
Most boys like computer games.
Most people think so.
Most boys know his name.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Most Americans like hamburgers.
The Titanic sunk on its maiden voyage.
It was in 1912 that the Titanic sank during her first voyage.
It's almost six o'clock.
I'd like a daiquiri.
Diane is your half-sister too, George.
You shouldn't read such useless books.
It is dangerous to drive so fast.
Do not read such a book.
Let's not think like that.
Don't talk like that.
Don't talk so loud.
I can't imagine such a life.
She was the last person I expected to see in such a place.
It isn't worthwhile going there.
Such incidents are quite common.
It's very rude of you to say a thing like that.
You know I can't.
Don't be too hard on me.
How did you come by such a job?
It is foolish to read such a magazine.
I would buy it, except that it costs too much.
There is no excuse for such behavior.
That excuse will not do.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
I don't feel like it.
Don't make such a mistake.
I don't give a damn about it!
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
It was childish of him to behave like that.
That's a piece of pie.
Don't worry about that.
That's just an excuse.
Don't be so angry.
Don't walk so fast.
Don't run so fast.
Don't speak so fast.
Don't make so much noise.
Please don't speak so fast.
You need not have got up so early.
If you eat so much, you'll get sick.
Don't eat so much. You'll get fat.
Don't be in such a hurry.
It's not so far.
Please don't make so much noise.
You shouldn't smoke so much.
Don't change your mind so often.
If you go on drinking so much, you may well end up an alcoholic.
Don't eat like a pig.
I didn't mean it.
Don't worry about such a silly thing.
It was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles.
Don't bother your parents with such a pointless thing.
Don't bother me with such trifles.
That can't be true.
Don't say that.
Don't worry about such a thing.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
It is wicked of you to do such things.
What a fool I was to do such a thing!
What is the good of doing it?
I'm sorry for what I did.
That won't make any difference.
I've never heard of such a thing.
I don't give a damn about it.
Don't get excited about such a thing.
What's the point?
If only I had a pretty dress like that!
I'm afraid I have to go now.
It's about time.
We should start getting Christmas gifts for the children.
Pick it up.
Turn it off.
I have never heard from him since.
He led a hard life after that.
I haven't seen her since then.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
Send it by mail.
Will you send it by mail?
I'm sorry to hear that.
Cut it in half.
We use them often as parasols or umbrellas.
May I try it on?
There are few men who don't know that.
Say it in another way.
I believe it to be true.
Let's make it brief.
Can you prove it?
May I eat a little of it?
It took me several hours to write it.
Bring it to me.
Please send it to me by fax.
Give it to me, please.
Put it where children can't get at it.
It is premature to discuss it now.
I would like to see it.
Let me see that.
Don't hold it upside down.
We need a tool to open it with.
I tried in vain to open it.
Don't expose it to the rain.
Well do I remember it.
I don't remember where I bought it.
Leave it there.
I wish I had known how to do it.
You'll need a special tool to do it.
It is impossible to do it.
Do it at once.
Did you show it to your parents?
Bring it here.
I sold it for ten dollars.
I bought it for 10 dollars.
I can read them all.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
All of them were handmade things.
They are our cars.
Those are not your chairs.
What are they made of?
They are great masterpieces of European art.
They are very big apples.
Those books are mine.
Those proposals seem very much alike to me.
Their sizes are much the same.
These figures don't add up.
Show me the photos, please.
Those countries used to belong to France.
Those flowers have died.
Those chairs are in the way.
One of the dogs is alive.
Some of the dogs are alive.
That's not a bad idea.
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.
That is a good idea.
Keep it in a cool place.
It's about the size of an egg.
It looks like an egg.
It is about the size of an egg.
It's for a friend of mine.
That's my sole concern.
It's out of the question.
That is out of the question.
Is it made of wood or metal?
That sounds interesting.
It's free of charge.
Your demands are unreasonable.
It sounds like a dream.
It cannot be true.
It has to be true.
That's really a great idea.
It is really wonderful.
It can not be true.
It can't be true.
It turned out true.
I think it's true.
It may or may not be true.
It may be true.
It is a book.
That is not exactly what I said.
Those are my trousers.
It was a great shock to me.
That is another matter.
It was a strange affair.
It is necessary.
It is not necessarily so.
It's a very delicate question.
It's secret.
What a shame!
It is hers, is it not?
It is to his advantage.
That is no business of his.
That's his specialty.
It has had no effect on him.
It is too easy a task for him.
It was a very good experience for him.
It is he.
I'm not going to sell it.
It is a difficult problem.
That's a hard question to answer.
It serves you right.
It was a long letter.
Does that price include breakfast?
Whose idea was it?
It's the same for everyone.
Anyone can do it easily.
Anybody knows it.
That's quite a problem.
Please have someone else do it.
It is of great value.
It makes all the difference.
That is a mere excuse for idleness.
It's an artificial flower.
That makes no sense at all.
That's a completely unfounded rumor.
It is a sheer waste of time.
That is not altogether false.
Leave that job to the experts!
That was written by Taro Akagawa.
How amazing that your mother speaks six languages!
That's a doll.
This is a real popular item.
That is not the case.
God knows that it is true.
It isn't new.
It's new.
It is soft to the touch.
That's an excellent wine.
It'll cost at least five dollars.
It was a pretty little house, strong and well-built.
That is a new story to me.
Is it fine gold?
That was the end of the class.
Is it yours?
It's a dictionary.
It's a waste of time.
It's a waste of time and money.
That's not the case.
It was a great blow to us.
It is a very difficult job for us.
It gave me the creeps.
That's my affair.
That is not my line.
It is beyond my power.
That's my dictionary.
It is outside my area of study.
It's for my family.
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
It's none of my business!
It is nothing to me.
It was a revelation to me.
It's too difficult for me.
It's me.
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.
It's a perfect example of cruel fate.
I think it's the best way.
It's an embarrassing question.
It may occur at any moment.
Is it not black?
It is too expensive for me to buy.
That's too expensive.
It isn't expensive.
This isn't fair.
It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
Leave it where you found it.
It is no joke.
That won't help you.
That's your responsibility.
Is it near your house?
That has nothing to do with you.
It is not so difficult as you think.
That is surprising.
That's a copy.
It tasted sweet.
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
It's certainly a waste of time.
It serves our purpose.
It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
It was ages ago.
I put it in the drawer.
Wow! That's cheap!
It was a nightmare.
It's against the rules.
It's about 133 kilometers from London.
It looks like an apple.
It smells delicious.
It's worth a try.
I think it's worth a try.
It's already out of fashion.
It was just as I thought.
That was only a year ago.
It's almost over.
It is Pochi's food.
It is not far away from the hotel.
It's a sunflower.
That's terrible.
It fell to pieces.
It's a trifling incident.
This sounds very interesting.
That was no ordinary storm.
It is too difficult a problem for me to solve.
It was a very big room.
That gives me great pleasure.
You can put it anywhere.
Where is it hidden?
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
It's a TV.
It must be hard for you.
It happened quite recently.
It's sort of strange.
That's exactly what I want.
That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
It is so dreadful that I don't want to think of it.
It's a hard, dirty job.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
I thought that would be a great idea.
It was a poor concert.
I had bought it the week before.
It all depends on the weather.
That's a brilliant idea.
That was some storm.
You'd better not do it.
It was a parade with a capital P.
It's junk. Throw it away.
It is a kind of orange.
"That's what we call an ""otoshidama""."
When does it begin?
It has a pleasant odor.
I have no idea how much it costs.
I think it's a good idea.
You made a good decision.
It is true in a sense.
It's not worth much.
That's really sad.
That is not your knife.
It was three days ago.
I calculated that it would cost 300 dollars.
It was about twenty dollars.
It will cost around 10,000 yen.
It will be finished in a day or two.
There is one big difference.
It happened at a quarter past eleven.
They are now widely used for communication, calculation, and other activities.
Does that price include tax?
It's the same to me.
I meant it as a joke.
What is it?
It's my favorite food.
Its color is red.
She accepted our offer notwithstanding.
You mustn't touch it.
It has my name on it.
Let's talk about it after school.
I'll give you a day to think about it.
What do you think about it?
It made my hair stand on end.
That's the last straw!
That would be fine.
Well, I must be going.
And open your textbook at page ten.
Uh, will you excuse me?
People don't say that anymore.
How do you feel about it?
No, that's all.
It is all I want to do.
I like her all the better for that.
Each child was given a present.
That is what the British people expect of their Queen.
That's the cause of his failure.
That's all.
It's my favorite song.
That's the point.
That's the best approach to the study of English.
You must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it.
That is your major problem.
Is that what you have in mind?
There followed a long silence.
Then we visited Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States of America.
What did you do then?
Whoever wants it may take it.
I don't care how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
What does it mean?
Let me try it.
That looks like the work of a virus.
You shouldn't have come here to begin with.
May I lie on the sofa?
Tell me the story.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
The story sounds true.
I have heard the story.
The story had a happy ending.
You haven't heard the half of it yet.
The story affected us deeply.
The story cannot be true.
I don't know whether the story is true or not.
The old lady has been rather feeble since her illness.
The old lady smiled at her granddaughter.
The old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty.
The old couple had no children.
The old woman lends money at the rate of three percent.
The old man looks sad.
The old man gave her a small doll.
The old man fell down on the ground.
The old man caught a big fish.
The old man died last week.
Did the old man get lost in the forest?
The old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital.
The old man asked me the time.
The old man begged me for money.
The old man spoke to me in French.
The old man freed the little fox from the trap.
The old man looked wise.
The old man is hard to please.
The old man was starved to death.
The old man died of cancer.
The old man tends to exaggerate.
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
The workman died from the explosion.
The train arrived on time.
The train stops at every station.
From which station does the train leave?
The train is always on time.
The train has already left.
The train was ten minutes behind time.
You will miss the train.
Take the apple and divide it into halves.
The apple is not yet ripe.
The two countries differ in religion and culture.
Who planned that trip?
The trip will take at least five days.
The trip cost me a lot.
The theory is too abstract for me.
The theory is generally accepted.
The theory is not accepted.
The theory is not accepted yet.
The storm did great damage to her property.
The storm destroyed the whole town.
The next day he went away.
The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
Do not give in to those demands.
The leaves turn red in the fall.
The medicine tastes bitter.
The medicine had an immediate effect.
Does the medicine act quickly?
The effect of the medicine was amazing.
The medicine took effect.
It was cloudy that night.
The night was very still.
The night was so chilly that when I returned I was almost frozen.
A fire broke out during that night.
It was easy for him to solve the problem.
The problem is difficult to solve.
It is easy for me to solve the problem.
We shouldn't leave the matter unsettled.
The problem remains unsolved.
The question was much discussed.
The matter is of no importance.
This problem is difficult to solve.
I found it easy to answer the question.
Look into the matter more carefully.
The problem is not settled yet.
The problem will resolve itself eventually.
The problem remains to be solved.
The question permits of only one interpretation.
The tree fell over in the typhoon.
The tree grew very tall.
All the leaves on the tree turned yellow.
I cut a branch from the tree.
The tree was struck by lightning.
There are plenty of oranges on the tree.
The niece looks like her aunt.
Both girls have blue eyes.
The dream has become a reality.
The translation is true to the original.
Did you read the whole book?
I'll send the book by mail.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
I cannot find time to read the book.
It won't take long to read that book.
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
Please read that book.
Did you order the book?
Did you take the book back to the library?
I remember returning the book to the library.
You may take the book.
Put the book on the desk.
Read the book again and again.
Put the book back where it was.
Put the book back where you found it.
Give me the book.
I found the book very interesting.
Who was the book written by?
You'll find that book in the historical section of the library.
You'll find the book in the library.
I have read the book before.
I have already read the book.
Have you done with the book?
That book had a lot of pages.
Where is the book?
I found the book interesting.
What is the title of the book?
There were some ink spots on the book jacket.
Neither of those books is interesting.
The cap is too small for me.
The boy can't tell a swallow from a sparrow.
The law needs to be amended.
The law will be effective from the 1st of April.
The law is full of ambiguities.
He is the one who comes after me.
The report turned out to be false.
The package was delivered yesterday.
The mother is looking for a babysitter.
The lawyer has a lot of wealthy clients.
The answer irritated me.
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.
Don't lean against the wall.
Its surface was as flat as a mirror.
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
The soldier gave his name.
The sentence is not grammatically accurate.
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.
You should omit this word from the sentence.
As usual, the physics teacher was late for class.
Can you describe the object?
I remember hearing the story once.
The story ends happily.
The tale is familiar to us.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
When did you hear the sound?
The noise will wake the baby up.
Why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it?
Those clothes suit you well.
It took me three days to clean the room.
Does the room have air conditioning?
The room has been empty for a long time.
The room was in disorder.
The room is full of people.
The room was filled with people.
The room is warming up.
My brother and I shared the room.
Don't play ball in this room.
What are the dimensions of the room?
The room will be painted tomorrow.
There wasn't anyone in the room.
There was a lot of furniture in the room.
The room has two windows.
The spoiled meat had a nasty smell.
The lady is over eighty.
Fill the bottle with water.
That article is out of stock.
The ice is too thin to bear your weight.
The ice is too hard to crack.
The ice is very thick.
The sign indicates the way to go.
Words cannot describe the beauty.
The beautiful bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
The beautiful woman is kind.
The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
The plane made a perfect landing.
The plane climbed to an altitude of 10,000 meters.
The plane took off at exactly ten o'clock.
There were fifty passengers on the plane.
The door is open now.
The girl lifted the heavy box with one hand.
The girl is lonely.
The TV program seemed very interesting.
I'm sure I have the right number.
I spent the whole evening reading the poetry of Kenji Miyazawa.
I can't stand the noise.
The inventor is known all over the world.
Take that box away!
Don't look into the box.
The box is made of wood.
You can tear the box open.
The box is too heavy to carry.
The box is almost empty.
Leave that box where it is.
What's in the box?
The explosion came about by accident.
The explosion did a lot of damage to the building.
What was the cause of the explosion?
That museum is worth visiting.
The museum is worth a visit.
It is worthwhile visiting that museum.
Is the museum open today?
The museum is closed now.
The museum is not open on Monday.
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
I paid for the purchase in cash.
The actor died at the height of his popularity.
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
The horse came first.
The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
Christmas fell on Saturday that year.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
The cat likes to sleep beside me.
The cat drinks milk.
The cat is very cute.
Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese-style garden.
That day shall come.
It was a fine day, so we went swimming.
It was chilly that day.
After the day's work, I was tired to death.
The weather varies from day to day.
The meat is frozen.
Those two ideas are quite distinct.
I don't like either of them.
Have you worked the puzzle out?
Let's try to solve the riddle.
The shy boy murmured his name.
The road was clear of traffic.
The road runs from Tokyo to Osaka.
The road is too narrow for cars.
The road curves gently towards the west.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
The island is to the south of Japan.
The island is a paradise for children.
The island is warm all year.
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
Few people live on the island.
The tower stood amid the ruins.
The party gained ground rapidly.
The tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
A bulldozer was used to level the lane.
The soil retained richness.
I've never heard of that city.
The train was crowded.
The shop is closed on Sunday.
That store sells meat and fish.
The store raised all the prices.
The shop was crowded with young people.
The store is close to my house.
The store is not open today.
The shop is closed today.
The shop is just in front of the station.
When is the store open till?
The store closes at seven.
They sell candy, cookies and what not.
That proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone, but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything.
Are you for or against the proposal?
The garden was filled with flowers.
The crane was standing on one leg.
That street is very noisy.
The street was deserted after ten.
The street is full of cars.
There's a hotel across the street.
The bird spread its wings.
The bird was covered with white feathers.
The bird is in its nest.
The bird's wing was broken.
The long drought was followed by famine.
Keep it up!
The town is two miles away from the coast.
The city was destroyed by fire.
That town is two miles away.
The town has many high buildings.
The sculptures are of great value.
The author made ten mistakes in as many pages.
The bug is still alive.
The cup has a crack.
The pond is very deep.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
The news made her sad.
I was surprised at the news.
The news can't be true.
The news made her very sad.
I am disappointed at the news.
The news broke his heart.
The news made him happy.
His heart beat fast at the news.
The news created a lot of confusion.
The price includes tax.
The price is reasonable.
That man is on trial for the murder of a little girl.
The man robbed him of all his money.
The man connected two wires.
The man was too fat to move by himself.
The man was a total stranger.
The man blushed.
The man slumped to the floor.
The man charged me with being irresponsible.
The man took my arm.
The man hit me on the head.
The man is liable to the death penalty.
The man finally confessed.
The man is too wise to do such things.
The man lost all hope.
The man had something under his coat.
That man has one box.
The man looked at me.
I saw the boy in brown shoes.
The boy got his hands dirty.
The boy has learned to read.
The boy has never been to the zoo.
The boy began to cry.
The boy feared the dark.
Everybody laughed at the boy.
The boy cut the cake in two.
All the men are hardworking.
It is evident that the man is wrong.
Look up the word in your dictionary.
I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
How is the word pronounced?
The river runs through the valley.
The minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position.
The cathedral had a religious painting on its ceiling.
All the students of the university have access to the university library.
Will there be anything else?
What else do you have in your pocket?
The village is connected with our town by a bridge.
We will make up for the loss.
His son was expelled from school.
The gift is expressive of my feelings.
The gifts will delight the children.
The statue is carved out of stone.
It took a long time to accustom myself to the noise.
I can't endure the noise.
I can't tell one twin from the other.
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.
A storm kept the ship from leaving Kobe.
The ship is now in the harbor.
The ship is at anchor in the harbor.
The ship transports raw materials from Indonesia.
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.
The ship is not equipped with radar.
The boat was equipped with radar.
The washing machine is out of order.
The war lasted two years.
How long would it take to swim across the river?
The river flows down to the sea.
The river is wide.
The river has dried up.
The river is dangerous.
Don't swim in the river.
His explanation was not satisfactory.
The ticket is valid for a week.
The ticket holds good for three days.
The baby is able to walk.
The baby fell asleep.
The baby has been crying for almost ten minutes.
That responsibility is a burden to him.
That old tradition has disappeared.
That blue dress suits you very well.
The government oppressed the people.
Have you learned the number by heart?
The water is not fit to drink.
The library is now under construction.
They are both working at the pet store.
The people are playing baseball.
The man died a few hours ago.
The man died of cancer.
Did he look like a doctor?
You can't judge a person if you don't know him well.
The shrine was built two hundred years ago.
Few people know the true meaning.
I rejected the offer.
I accept the offer.
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
The offer is too good to turn down.
The forest is full of birds and animals of all kinds.
The paper didn't carry the story.
The new product is on sale.
The new building is enormous.
The new bridge is under construction.
The new tunnel will link Britain and France.
This plant grew little by little.
The place is worth visiting twice.
In that case, you are right.
Don't sit upon it.
The prize won't be given to her.
The elephant was brought to the zoo.
The elephant is liked by little children.
The evidence was in his favor.
Six were invited, including the boy.
The boy was admitted to the school.
The boy talks as if he were a man.
The boy came running.
The boy peeped in at the window.
The boy went to bed with his socks on.
The boy sat on a chair.
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
The boy was almost drowned.
The girl had a large red hat on.
The girl appeared sick.
The girl did not say anything.
The girl still believes in Santa Claus.
The girl resembles her mother.
The little girl was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
The girl has no mother.
The parcel weighs more than one pound.
Mr Robinson didn't write the novel.
The heroine of the novel committed suicide.
The hut was set on fire.
The wound has not healed yet.
The lady looked sad, also tired.
The woman is taking notes.
The girl resembled her mother.
The girl entered the room.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
The girl is skillful with her fingers.
That girl has a lovely doll.
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
The girls are as busy as bees.
The book is of great value.
Put the gun on the table.
The custom originated in China.
The prisoner was set at liberty yesterday.
The glove has a hole in the thumb.
The operation is accompanied by a lot of pain.
Don't forget to post the letter.
Did you receive the letter?
Who wrote the letter?
The letter was wrongly addressed.
Bill wrote the letter.
The young man saved the girl from drowning.
The car didn't move.
The car is very fast.
The car is ready.
The car isn't worth repairing.
The car broke down.
That car is no doubt in an awful condition.
The car is parked in front of the building.
That car is quite new.
None of the cars is mine.
The car has a new engine.
This photo takes me back to my childhood.
The grass needs cutting.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
That question is easy to answer.
It is easy to answer the question.
Only you can answer the question.
This fault admits of no excuse.
This dictionary will be of great help to you.
Few people were killed in the car accident.
I was at home then.
I haven't heard from him since then.
It'll be too late then.
Describe that accident in detail.
The accident occurred at dawn.
The accident stemmed from her negligence.
The accident occurred yesterday morning.
The accident caused a traffic jam.
The accident happened a year ago today.
The accident happened in this manner.
The accident happened the day before yesterday.
When did the accident take place?
The accident happened two hours ago.
It's a miracle that he wasn't killed in the accident.
The accident has caused many deaths.
We were not to blame for the accident.
No passengers were killed in the accident.
The accident almost cost him his life.
The game starts at two tomorrow afternoon.
He was happy to have passed the examination.
It took me an hour to learn the poem by heart.
That poem mixes prose with poetry.
Fold the paper in the middle.
The city has many broad streets.
He seems to be asleep.
The boy remained silent.
He is as tall as his father.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
He is in poor health.
He did nothing but cry.
She put it in the box.
The boy can count to ten.
The sisters are both blondes.
The two sisters are so alike.
The two sisters were always quarreling with each other.
Show me how to do it.
It took me five hours to finish the work.
Would you like me to do that work?
Let's not do the work.
He couldn't get the job.
He has the ability to do the work.
I finished the work in less than an hour.
The work is done.
I finished the work yesterday.
The work is practically finished.
The work was very difficult.
The work cannot be done in a day.
The mountain is covered with snow.
The mountain has a beautiful shape.
The magazine is aimed at teenagers.
The murderer is still at large.
The writer is working on a new book.
The writer is well known to us.
You must overcome the difficulties.
At that time, she was a student at Yale.
At that time, I was still awake.
I was very poor in those days.
The country is rich in natural resources.
The country was industrialized very quickly.
The country's economy depends on agriculture.
We cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country.
Many young people are out of work in the country.
We easily figured out the password.
The idea is not bad.
I don't like that idea much.
The flood was the greatest disaster they had ever had.
The duke holds a lot of land.
The park lies in the center of the city.
Is there a zoo in the park?
What does this word mean?
The word has several meanings.
After that, he went home.
I have never heard of him since.
The lake supplies the city with water.
I don't know how deep the lake is.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The water of the lake is very cold.
The door will be painted tomorrow.
The door was locked from the outside.
The old castle is in a sad state.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
The word is derived from Latin.
The dog went away.
The dog seems to be sick.
The dog wagged its tail.
The dog didn't eat the meat.
The dog was frozen to death.
The dog was dead.
The dog is dying.
The dog was dying.
The dog should be on a chain.
The dog was digging a hole.
The dog must be hungry.
The dog was sleeping on the mat.
The dog was wagging his tail.
The dog will not harm you.
The dog answers to the name of Blackie.
The dog looks hungry.
As soon as the dog saw me, it began to bark.
The dog is on the chair.
Don't go near the dog.
I like the dog.
The building was heavily damaged by fire.
The decision is not final.
The play was based on a true story.
The chicken hasn't laid eggs lately.
The policeman chased the thief.
I'm thinking of the plan.
It seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions.
The brothers hate each other.
Both brothers are still alive.
Where is the bank?
I've spent all the money.
We divided the money between us.
All the money was spent on clothes.
The bridge is built of wood.
The bridge is under construction.
The bridge is still under construction.
How long is the bridge?
The bridge is approximately a mile long.
The fish tasted like salmon.
The milk tastes sour.
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
This rite is part of their religion.
The rule should be revised.
The machine is out of order.
The desk has three drawers.
The desk is too small for Meg.
The attempt ended in failure.
How much were the glasses?
Many peasants died during the drought.
All the students study English.
The school was established in 1650.
I like neither of the pictures.
Can you see the picture?
The company went bankrupt.
The company aims to branch out into China.
The meeting will take place tomorrow.
The meeting was called off.
The party ended at ten o'clock.
The painter died young.
We will discuss that later.
The fire devoured the town.
The fire was brought about by children's playing with matches.
The fire was soon extinguished.
The fire reduced the house to ashes.
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.
The volcano has erupted twice this year.
The volcano may erupt at any moment.
The singer was known to young people.
The song always reminds me of my childhood.
The song reminds me of my young days.
That song reminds me of my childhood.
The fruit went bad.
The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
The family ate dinner together.
The house is owned by him.
The house is painted white.
The house has been sold.
The house caught fire.
I'll take the yellow one.
The king ruled the country for years.
The king always wears a crown.
The king reigned over his people for forty years.
The chimney is belching black smoke.
The chimney is made of brick.
Thousands of people died during the plague.
The English lesson started at 8:30.
Let's sing the English song.
I'd rather go for a walk than see the movie.
How many times did you see the movie?
I want to see the movie again.
The movie was good.
The movie was interesting.
Only adults may watch that film.
This movie is suitable for children.
How does the film end?
The cloud was in the shape of a bear.
The rumor isn't true.
The rumor cannot be true.
The crow flew away.
The well is dry.
The doctor saved the four people injured in the accident.
The ruins are worth visiting.
Can you see the difference?
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Are you ready to hear the bad news?
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
Only four horses competed in the race.
That's how he invented the machine.
I feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behavior.
Such an economic program will help the rich at the expense of the poor.
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.
Do you know that hotel?
The boat anchored near the shore.
Is the snake alive or dead?
The fence is painted green.
Open the bottle.
The buildings are small in comparison with the skyscrapers in New York.
The clown fell down on purpose.
The name of the pianist is known to everybody.
The bucket was full of water.
The party was organized by Mac.
The tie goes with your jacket.
The news made her happy.
I heard the news on the radio.
The news spreads fast.
The news surprised us much.
The news is of great importance.
How much did you pay for the dress?
I was happy then.
The door locks automatically.
I found the test difficult.
The tape recorder has recorded his voice.
The little girl has a doll in her hands.
Who coaches the team?
That made the problem all the more complicated.
It'll cost me my job.
That diamond ring cost an arm and a leg.
Don't sit down on the sofa.
This sport got more and more popular.
The steak is well done.
One of the suitcases is completely empty.
Those jets were faster than lightning.
The computer is new.
The computer is up to date.
When will the concert be held?
At that time, Mexico was not yet independent of Spain.
There is no doubt about it.
That reminds me of my father.
I want to talk to him about it.
Do you have any trouble with that?
You are mistaken about that.
That adds a new dimension to our problem.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it.
That coffee smells good.
The coat is not mine.
I found the game easy.
Tell me how to play the game.
The cake tastes sweet.
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
I want some cake.
The club has more than fifty members.
That club is way too big.
The number of students in the class is limited to fifteen.
The poor cat was run over by a truck.
The basket was full of apples.
The rumor had no foundation in fact.
The report soon became known all over the country.
The rumor can't be true.
The chairs are made of wood.
The pain was almost unbearable.
That American movie was a great success.
Each of the three boys got a prize.
One of these two answers is right.
Neither of the two answers are right.
How's the weather there?
Take off your socks.
How is the weather there?
We will accept your conditions.
I'll be there at five p.m.
And here I am, still alive.
And Tony was the oldest.
Will you take me there?
How long will it take to get there?
I don't know how to get there.
There is Tokyo.
Was there a lot of traffic?
The food is very good and the same is true of the service.
I'll take you there.
Who's there?
I don't know because I wasn't there.
Jesus' mother was there.
There you are.
Did you see anybody there?
What happened here?
Get down from there.
That's where you're mistaken.
Do not be so critical.
Don't be so reserved.
Don't you think so?
Few people think so.
Do you think so?
That's no excuse.
I don't agree.
I have no proof to the contrary.
I hope not.
Yes, you need to practice every day.
Yes and no.
That's right, said John.
I hope so.
That's not my favorite topic.
Whoever says so is a liar.
You had better not use those four-letter words.
Central Park is near where I work.
I'm not at all tired.
This chair is ugly.
He might at least apologize.
Do write to me soon!
Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
I have a cough.
I'm looking for a sweater.
Seiko has no sisters.
Smog hung over Tokyo.
Please answer the phone.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand English well.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
I'm sorry, but I don't feel like going out today.
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Mr Smith left Japan this morning.
Dr. Smith has a lot of patients.
The Smiths are our neighbors.
Mr Smith is too polite to say anything bad about others.
Mr Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
A Mr Smith has come to see you.
A sponge absorbs water.
A sponge absorbs liquids.
I like sport.
I do not do sports.
When it comes to sports, John is very good.
Could you spell it, please?
Everything is on schedule.
Everything is in place now.
Everything went according to plan.
Everything depends on her answer.
Everything was burnt to ashes.
Everything is over.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
Not all birds can fly.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
All human beings are mortal.
Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
All men are equal before God.
It is not easy to be understood by everybody.
All the boys ran away.
Not all the students were present.
All the students are studying English.
80% of all English words come from other languages.
All the buses are full.
Shut all the doors and windows.
All the dogs are alive.
Everything is going very well.
Everything appears to be going well.
Everything is OK.
I know a little Spanish.
Spanish is her native language.
Spain is abundant in oranges.
Could we have a spoon?
There is a spoon missing.
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Thank you for the wonderful gift.
He was a wonderful man.
I've got a splendid idea.
I like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce.
I'm feeling stressed.
The strike affected the nation's economy.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
I already told you.
What a beautiful sweater!
How would you like your steak?
Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
I've been thinking about it.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
I am terribly hungry.
Does it hurt a lot?
I feel very sick.
That's an amazing distance, isn't it?
These fireworks are spectacular!
Terrific!
Wow!
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I hope you will answer me soon.
I'm coming.
You'll soon be able to swim.
Call the doctor right away.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
Come at once.
Come back soon.
It will be ready soon.
We need to take care of this immediately.
Yes, she'll be with you in a minute.
I will write to you soon.
I put on my shoes at once.
I hope he'll get better soon.
Call up Tom right away.
Come here at once.
I'll be with you in a second.
I'll be there in a minute.
Must I go there at once?
Don't make noise while eating soup.
Have your soup without making noise.
There's a hair in my soup.
I think the soup needs a bit of salt.
I'll put some salt in the soup.
Superman flies as fast as a rocket.
I think my suitcase was stolen.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Susie has a nice smile.
Susan is a good cook.
Susan really takes after her mother.
Susan is actually your half sister.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
I'm Susan Greene.
The population of Sweden is on the increase.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
Switzerland is a neutral country.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
I have hives.
I'd like to reserve a single room.
In Singapore, it is a crime to spit on the ground.
I'm from Singapore.
Except for John, they all arrived.
It is hard to convince John.
John ran into the room.
John inherited a large fortune.
John is the taller of the two boys.
John is too fat to run fast.
John has a natural bent for tennis.
John is good at mathematics.
John hopes to be independent of his parents.
John passed the examination.
John is my junior by two years.
John is as old as my brother.
John is my best friend.
John ignored my advice.
John is my nephew.
John is not my brother, but my cousin.
John is as old as I.
John left for France yesterday.
These days John drinks too much.
John knows English history from A to Z.
John accompanied Mary to the concert.
John drank many bottles of wine.
John lives in New York.
John is wrestling with Tom.
Where does John live?
John sent me a letter written in German.
John is good at chess.
John will not answer the question.
John played guitar and his friends sang.
John can't play the guitar.
John is a good student.
John was too surprised to say anything.
John is an American boy.
John is not the man he was three years ago.
I have known John since 1976.
John is senior to me by two years.
John became a policeman.
I am going to have John repair my watch.
John has two sons.
The girl talking with John is Susan.
John and Mary loved each other.
Is John available now?
John and Ann like each other.
John broke the window.
John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Where's the shopping center?
Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
Is Mr Jones in the office?
A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
George works on a big farm.
George married my sister.
George accompanied me home.
George sent me a birthday card.
George's sister made me some sandwiches.
George Washington was born in 1732.
The dress in the window caught my eye.
Julia's native language is Italian.
Judy laughed at me.
Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
Judy is smart.
Judy dances very well.
Some juice, please.
Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.
Then what?
I'll take a glass of champagne.
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.
Please iron the shirt.
Jack resembles his father.
Jack collects stamps.
Jack may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Jack speaks English.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
Jack isn't here. He may have missed his usual bus.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
Beat the Giants!
How old is he then?
All but Jim came.
Jim is not a lawyer but a doctor.
Jim slipped on the icy road and got hurt.
Jim is watering the garden.
Jim says he goes jogging at least three times a week.
Jim will not come today.
Jim has broad shoulders.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
Jim hasn't come yet.
Where is Jim?
Jim likes the doctor.
Jim is Canadian.
Why don't you share your cookies with Jim?
Is Jimmy writing a letter?
Jimmy knows everything about cars.
Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
The Siberian tiger is on the verge of extinction.
Let me think for a while.
After a while he came back with a dictionary under his arm.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
The air of Sydney is cleaner than that of Tokyo.
No one stops to listen to him.
Study hard.
I'll be right back.
But people have little hope.
But I wasn't afraid.
But now things have changed tremendously.
But you're not there.
But the farmer smiled at him.
But now I live in Tokyo.
However, I have no money.
Her decision to move to Chicago surprised us.
Did Jerry really win a lottery?
Jeff thinks he will never fall in love.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
Jane plays tennis too.
Jane is out shopping.
Jane prefers dogs to cats.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
Jane was dressed as a man.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
Jane looks happy.
Will Jane sing?
Jane is not as tall as Mary.
Jane was about to leave the house.
Jane looks very happy.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
Jane comes from Australia.
Can you tell Jane from her twin sister?
Jane and I play the piano very well.
Why did Jane go to the station?
Jane cannot have said such a thing.
Shakespeare created many famous characters.
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
Jane married young.
"Shakespeare's ""Macbeth"" is a tragedy."
Please fasten your seat belt.
Fasten your seat belt.
I want to go to Seattle.
Welcome to San Francisco.
What time is it now in San Francisco?
I'm from Zambia.
Two tickets to San Diego, please.
Sally and I work in the same office.
Do you have any further questions?
Three more passengers got on the bus.
To make matters worse, it began snowing.
Would you like some salad?
Goodbye, Sayoko.
Sam helps whoever asks him to.
Sam is two years younger than Tom.
Sam, what are you doing?
Sam, don't!
The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
The Sahara is a vast desert.
Let's play soccer.
Soccer is more popular than baseball.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
We should wait here for the moment.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
Welcome to Cyberspace!
Do you know your size?
Here we are!
Now let's begin the game.
Shall we begin?
Let's sing a song.
Here comes the bus.
The server was down.
Come along.
Come on, wake up.
Come on, children, it's time for bed.
Here we go.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
I hope to hear from you.
Do you have a reservation?
Ladies first.
Wash your hands before eating.
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
I will leave it to your judgement.
Welcome aboard!
Would you like to order?
What's the purpose of your visit?
I'll leave it up to your imagination.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
It is kind of you to help me.
Thank you for your concern.
Thank you for inviting me.
Help yourself.
What's your home phone number?
I wish you good luck.
I appreciate your cooperation.
How do you feel today?
Do you have a family?
I'd rather not.
We appreciate your help.
We are looking for somebody who can use a computer.
A computer is a complex machine.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Computers have made rapid progress.
Computers are constantly being improved.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
Hi, George! How's it going?
Hi, Mimi! How are you doing?
Hi, my name is Ken Saitou.
Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
Hello, Tom.
Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
I can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
This is the largest temple that I've ever seen.
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me!
I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
This is totally unacceptable.
Whose turn is it next?
Have you found your contact lenses?
What time is the concert?
I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
Columbus discovered America.
Columbus discovered America in 1492.
Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
This is for free.
It's true.
This is an ancient law.
Whose book is this?
I have no further questions.
I'll give you anything but this.
Can I eat this?
I'll keep this for future use.
This we can call a work of art.
I'd like three of these.
Can I see this one?
Who broke this?
Take this to your mother.
These are very old books.
These are my books.
These are all quotations from the Bible.
Are these yours?
These problems must be dealt with carefully.
You don't have to answer these questions.
These trees were planted by them.
Learn these names by heart.
I've read both these books.
These books are new.
These books are worth reading at least once.
These books are my books.
These books are mine.
These books are mine and those books are his.
Whose books are these?
It is out of the question to learn all these sentences by heart.
These boxes are made of plastic.
These animals feed on grass.
These butterflies are rare in our country.
These technical terms derive from Greek.
These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
Even these words will someday disappear.
These machines aren't working now.
These flowers bloom in spring.
Whose are these pens?
These oranges have gone bad.
These dogs are big.
Will there ever be a better one?
This is an apple, too.
So far, so good.
Never have I felt better.
This is a wooden comb.
This is a book.
This is a portrait of my late father.
This is worth one million yen.
This is a beautiful flower.
This is their house.
This is the town where he was born.
This is the village where he was born.
This is a Christmas present from him.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
This is Japan.
This is a difficult problem, and it is not easy for anyone to decide.
This is a road map.
This is a very rare specimen.
Does this hurt?
This is too long.
This is a map.
Whose room is this?
Whose dictionary is this?
Whose bicycle is this?
Whose umbrella is this?
Whose pencil is this?
Who does this suitcase belong to?
This should be clear to everyone.
This is too big.
This is a letter from my old teacher.
This is a book about stars.
This is a story about stars.
This is excellent wine.
This is a small book.
This is an important event.
This is a picture of my sister.
This is my bicycle.
This is my dictionary.
This isn't my bag.
This isn't mine.
This is my bag.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
This is what I found in the cave.
This is the book I've been looking for.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
This is the same watch that I lost a week ago.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
I don't like this. Show me another.
This is an old book.
This is a dog.
This is a present for you.
Is this your bicycle?
This is for you.
This has nothing to do with you.
This is your only chance.
I don't like this one.
I don't like this.
This is a desk.
This is broken.
What are these for?
This makes no sense.
What an old book this is!
This is a pencil.
This is Mary's dog.
This is a pen.
Can you tell me what this is?
This is Tony's book.
This is very good.
This is a matter of great importance.
This is a very tall tree.
This is a very interesting book.
This is just what I wanted.
This smells like cheese.
Whose is this bag?
This is the window which was broken by the boy.
This is an exception to the rule.
Is this made in Switzerland?
This feels like silk.
This is Jane's bag.
Is this your car?
Is this your bike?
This tastes like tea.
Is this the bus to Oxford?
This is smaller than that.
This letter is addressed to you.
Is this your book?
Is that your room?
Is this the key you are looking for?
Is this your umbrella?
Is this your pen?
Is this your favorite song?
Is this the key your uncle is looking for?
What is the difference between this and that?
This is the end.
This is the end of my story.
Everything is fine.
This is driving me crazy.
My cholesterol levels are high.
I believe this is a case in point.
This is what I want.
This is the very book that I have long wanted to read.
This is the very book I have been looking for.
That's just what I wanted.
I need a box of this size.
This is a post office and that is a bank.
This is mine, and that's yours.
This is what he painted.
This was his one and only hope.
This is what he said.
This is the best camera in the store.
This is by far the best way.
Are these the glasses you're looking for?
Is this my life?
This is my I.D. card.
Is this your first trip abroad?
This is what we want to know.
This is the boy who helped me.
This is why I hate him.
Here's my telephone number.
This is a picture of my grandmother.
This is the key I have been looking for.
This is my car.
This is my business address.
This is what I need.
This is the village where I spent my childhood.
This is the house where I lived when I was a child.
This is the latest fashion.
Here's my return ticket.
Is this a river?
This is how I learned English.
Here's my receipt.
No one can tell what'll happen in the future.
Please write down what I am going to say.
I'm going home now.
I'll study harder in the future.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
Is this the train for New York?
Do you know who they are?
Do you know whose car this is?
This is the boy.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
This is the house in which he was born.
It is doubtful whether this will work.
"This is what we call ""tempura""."
Is this your book, Mike?
I like to play golf.
Take your time. There's no hurry.
I'm sorry. I take back my words.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to kick you.
This rose is beautiful.
This watch is a new type.
The paper discusses the problem in terms of ethics.
This ticket is valid for three months.
This train runs between Tokyo and Osaka.
This train stops at every station.
This train is bound for New York.
Where is this train bound?
I'd like to reserve a seat on this train.
Are you sure this is the right train?
This apple is bad.
Could you heat this dish?
This dish goes very well with sake.
This food is too salty.
Is lunch included in this price?
This egg is fresh.
May I have this dance?
Fill in this form.
Mail this letter.
Take this medicine between meals.
This medicine will make you feel better.
Take this medicine. You will feel better soon.
Put this medicine where children can't get it.
This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
This medicine tastes bitter.
This medicine will do you good!
This medicine tastes horrible.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
This medicine has no side effects.
I've never heard of this actor.
What do you call this vegetable in English?
This gate needs painting.
It is difficult to solve this problem.
Is it easy for me to solve this problem?
It took me a couple of hours to solve this problem.
This problem is in his field.
The problem is complicated by his personality.
This problem is hard to solve. So you had better begin with that one.
This problem is too simple.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
I can't solve this problem.
I can't solve this problem. It's too difficult for me.
This problem seems difficult.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
Let's begin with this problem.
This wood won't burn.
What is the correct aperture in this light?
This dream will come true.
This book is selling like hotcakes.
You can read this book.
May I go out to play when I have read this book?
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
Do you think this book is worth reading?
Every time I read this book, I find something new.
Read this book.
May I borrow this book?
Please give me this book.
I bought this book at Kakuzen's.
Here's a book for your mother to read.
May I have this book?
I will give you this book.
Give me a copy of this book.
This book looks interesting.
This book is hers.
This book is not for sale.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
This book is worth reading twice.
This book is too difficult to understand.
This book is too difficult for me to read.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
I found this book interesting.
I think this book is worth reading.
This book isn't worth reading.
It is worthwhile to read this book.
It is easy to read this book.
This book deals with China.
This book should help you a lot.
This book belongs to the library.
This book deals with anthropology.
This book is new.
This book was new.
This book is very popular among women.
This book is small.
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
This book is heavy.
This book has a lot of pictures.
This book belongs to me.
This book is mine; I wrote my name in it myself.
This book is easy for me to read.
This book is hard for me to read.
This book is divided into four parts.
This book costs 3,000 yen.
This book is too expensive.
This book goes on the top shelf.
This book is old.
This is an old book with a new face.
This book belongs to you.
This book is full of mistakes.
How small this book is!
What is the book about?
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
This book was printed in England.
This book is written in English.
This is the most interesting.
This book is worth reading again.
Are all these books yours?
This book is still copyrighted.
This book was written by Haley.
How long can I keep this book?
This book is Tony's.
This book is really interesting.
This book is very small.
This book is available at one shop only.
This book is very interesting.
This book is the smallest of all the books.
This book is not sold here.
This book is at once interesting and instructive.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
Does this book belong to you?
This book is missing two pages.
Though this is a bulky book with over 1000 pages, I will have read it all by this time next week.
This book, which I've read twice, was a gift from Peter.
This book is smaller.
This book is older than that one.
This book is much more useful than that one.
This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
Who is the author of this book?
Every sentence in this book is important.
The cost of the book is 4 dollars.
All the characters in this book are imaginary.
This book contains a lot of photos.
Where does this book go?
Which is easier, this book or that book?
It's this book.
I would like this book.
This book will awaken your imagination.
With this telescope, stars and dreams can be seen.
What does this hat remind you of?
This hat is mine.
This hat doesn't fit me.
What is the price of this cap?
Is this hat yours?
Does this cap belong to you?
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
This law applies to everybody.
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
This news is official.
This report is not perfect.
Make a copy of this report.
This report is free from errors.
This answer made him angry.
Is there a mailbox near here?
Is there a bank near here?
Is there a gas station around here?
I think it's around here.
Who owns this villa?
This wall feels very cold.
Don't lean against this wall.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
You should rewrite this sentence.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
This sentence is grammatically correct.
You should rewrite this sentence. It doesn't make sense.
The meaning of this sentence is ambiguous.
Make this sentence a little shorter.
This sentence may be interpreted another way.
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
This story is true.
This story is worth reading again.
All the events described in this story are imaginary.
I can't get rid of this cold.
We must buy a new carpet for this room.
This room is air-conditioned.
This room doesn't get much sunshine.
This room heats easily.
This room is for rent.
This room is too hot for us to work in.
This room is large enough.
Can I use this room freely?
This room is very warm.
This room does not get much sun.
The air in this room is foul.
This room has three windows.
There is too much furniture in this room.
There is a television in this room.
This room has air conditioning.
This room is too small to contain 50 men.
There are ten people in this room.
Don't read in this room.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
You may not smoke in this room.
You can smoke in this room.
Don't smoke in this room.
You can't smoke in this room.
The view from this room is wonderful.
This article is for sale.
The price of this article does not cover the cost of its manufacture.
This garment is exchangeable within three days.
How does this disease spread?
We know very little about the cause of this disease.
Not many survive this disease.
This art collection is rich in paintings by Dutch masters.
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
This plane is his.
This machine was manufactured in France.
Take away this box.
This box is a different colour to that one.
This box is made of paper.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
This box is so large that it cannot go into my bag.
This box contains apples.
This box contains five apples.
This box is filled with apples.
This bomb can kill many people.
I'm free on Sunday.
This meat smells bad.
The meat is tough.
This is good meat.
These two leaves look alike.
These two brothers resemble each other.
Choose between these two.
This road is closed to cars.
This road leads you to the station.
Where does this road lead to?
This road leads to Hong Kong.
This road goes to the park.
Am I on the right road?
What do you call this animal in Japanese?
This animal is very clever.
This animal is bigger than that one.
This transparent liquid contains a kind of poison.
This transparent liquid contains poison.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
This peach is a beauty.
Colds are prevalent this winter.
We've had a lot of storms this winter.
We had less snow this winter than we had expected.
We have had a lot of snow this winter.
We've had a very hard winter.
This land is my property.
A part of this land is mine.
This city is famous for its beautiful park.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
This telephone is out of order.
This train is bound for Boston.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
Opinions vary on this point.
I have nothing to say in this regard.
What's your speciality?
The sushi at this shop tastes good.
There are many postcards in this store.
Are there any bags in this shop?
Liquor is not sold at this store.
A sprain like this should heal within a week or so.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
How noisy this street is!
If you follow this street, you will get to the station.
I can't stand this pain any more.
What do you call this bird?
This bird cannot fly.
This bird lives neither in Japan nor in China.
This bird can imitate the human voice.
This city is hard to live in.
What is the main industry in this town?
Is there a museum in this town?
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
I would take this brown tie.
Will you put on this kimono?
How nice this cup is!
This tea smells good.
The pond abounds with carp.
This area is rich in marine products.
Do you have any regional dishes?
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
This area abounds in wild animals.
Hunting is prohibited in this area.
Leave out this word.
This word is difficult to pronounce.
What does that word mean?
How do you pronounce this word?
This word is derived from Latin.
This word is derived from German.
What is the meaning of this word?
I don't understand this word.
This word has two meanings.
When was this university founded?
The population of this village had decreased.
All this damage is the result of the storm.
I cannot accept this gift.
This noise is annoying.
I can not bear this noise any more.
By whom was this window broken?
This window won't open.
This magnificent cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
This mouse was killed by my cat.
This organization cannot exist without you.
The last time I went to China, I visited Shanghai.
Last Sunday, Mary and I went to the library together.
I went skiing in Canada last winter.
This ship is bound for Vancouver.
This boat sails through the Strait of Gibraltar.
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
This diver's watch is a little too expensive.
This stain won't come out.
Something is wrong with this washing machine.
This river is beautiful.
What is the name of this river?
This river is not polluted.
This river is very dangerous to swim in.
The river is the widest in Europe.
This river is deepest here.
This river is three times longer than that one.
This river is dangerous to swim in, in July.
The water in this river is very clean.
It's dangerous to swim in this river.
This ticket is good for three days.
This ticket holds good for a month.
The ticket admits two persons.
The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
How much for this red hat?
Help me move this stone.
This stone is too heavy to lift.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
This stone weighs five tons.
Is this seat taken?
Is this seat empty?
This blue sweater is very pretty.
These products are selling like hot cakes.
This product is made in Italy.
I want to buy this material for a new dress. How much does it cost?
There is nothing new under the sun.
What would the world do without tea?
This swimming suit is made of elastic material.
This water is a little salty.
This water is sterilized.
This water is safe to drink.
Are there any English magazines in this library?
This diagram will illustrate what I mean.
This doll is a gift from my aunt.
I'd like to buy this doll.
This fellow is an artist!
Has anybody solved this mystery?
Destroy this temple.
These pearls look real.
You will save time if you adopt this new procedure.
This food is unhealthy.
This food smells rotten.
Do you like this color?
This plant is good to eat.
What are these tablets?
I guarantee that this information is correct.
You're wrong in this case.
This coat is rainproof.
This chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry.
How long have you had this problem?
Who is this girl?
I have enjoyed reading this novel.
You cannot read this novel without crying.
It is difficult to understand this novel.
This novel bores me.
This novel consists of three parts.
The novel was adapted for a film.
This novel is both interesting and instructive.
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.
Who do you think is the writer of this novel?
Deposit this check in my checking account.
This lady is Indian.
Fill out this form, please.
I don't like studying in this heat.
I can't keep my coat on in this heat.
She is saving money to go abroad.
There is enough time to finish this homework.
Who does the gun belong to?
Can you weigh this, please?
Are you free this weekend?
This custom dates from ancient times.
This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
This liquor has a taste all of its own.
Remember to mail this letter.
Will you mail this letter for me?
Please remember to mail this letter.
Who is this letter from?
This letter was written by Naoko last night.
This letter is wrongly addressed.
Was this letter written by Mary?
Don't bother to answer this letter.
This letter says that he will arrive on Monday.
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
I don't read this kind of book much.
This car is used by my father.
This car is in good condition.
This car needs washing.
This car is like new.
This car is mine.
This car is as big as that car.
I love this picture.
I want this photograph developed as soon as possible.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
The picture reminds me of my family.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Have a good look at this picture.
Can you answer this question?
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
Can I use this dictionary?
This dictionary is of great value to us.
This dictionary is expensive.
This dictionary is no good.
This dictionary is superior to that one.
This dictionary has 12 volumes.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
This dictionary contains a lot of information.
I cannot do without this dictionary.
This vending machine is out of order.
This vending machine isn't working.
Can I use this bike?
Whose is this bicycle?
This bike is easy to ride.
This bicycle belongs to my brother.
This bike is used by my brother.
I will win the game next time.
I will come earlier next time.
This watch is made in Japan.
The clock does not run.
This clock isn't working.
What is the price of this watch?
This clock is accurate.
This watch is expensive.
This clock is out of order.
This watch is broken.
This clock loses three minutes a day.
This watch was given me by my uncle.
Snowing at this time of the year is unusual.
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
This fact must not be forgotten.
This fact shows that he is honest.
You are responsible for this accident.
I have no time to explain this in detail.
I'll never tell this to anyone.
This tooth is loose.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
How boring this game is!
How do you interpret this poem?
I must learn this poem by heart.
This poem was originally written in French.
This poem was written by him last night.
I need a pair of scissors to cut this paper.
This paper does not absorb ink.
How much is this ring worth?
How large is the population of this city?
It's the highest building in this city.
The child is learning quickly.
Let's finish this work as soon as possible.
This work doesn't pay.
This job is too much for me.
This job is beyond my ability.
This work is difficult for us.
This job doesn't pay.
This job gives me the hump.
It's dangerous to climb this mountain.
What is the height of this mountain?
This reference is valuable for my research.
I'll take this umbrella.
Don't throw away this magazine.
This blackboard is not black, but green.
How long do you plan to stay in this country?
This factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
How big is this park?
There are many birds in this park.
What's the name of this intersection?
This word is derived from Greek.
This word has a double meaning.
This lake is deepest at this point.
Some believe Nessie lives in this lake.
The door will not open.
This old house is made of wood.
They say this old house is haunted.
This old table is still in use.
This word comes from Greek.
I'm afraid this key does not fit.
This dog is big.
This dog eats almost anything.
In this case, I think he is correct.
Something is wrong with this calculator.
This plan requires secrecy.
The plan was doomed to failure from the start.
This experience counts for much in his life.
These socks do not match.
There's a hole in this sock.
These shoes are a little loose.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
These shoes are so tight that I can't put them on.
These shoes are made in Italy.
What is the meaning of this phrase?
This metal is called zinc.
Is there a hospital near here?
There is a military base near here.
At this corner there happened an accident that was to be remembered for years.
How long is this bridge?
This bridge will not endure long.
This bridge is built of stone.
This is the longest bridge in the world.
This classroom is cleaned.
This textbook is good.
This textbook is too hard for me.
This fish smells bad.
This fish is free from poison.
This fish is big.
This fish is not fit to eat.
Is this fish still alive?
This fish has a bad smell.
This beef is tender.
You can see the whole city from this hill.
This coffee shop is cozy.
Is it possible to reprint this article?
The author of this article is a famous critic.
This rule does not apply.
This rule applies to all cases.
This rule does not apply to the case.
This rule doesn't apply to first-year students.
Eggs are cheap this season.
Who invented this machine?
There's something wrong with this machine.
Do you know how to use this machine?
The mechanism of this machine is complicated.
This desk is different from the one I ordered.
This desk is good.
This desk is used by me.
This project may not pay off.
These patients have trouble walking.
This amount includes tax.
This school has no heating.
This school supplies students with textbooks.
The students of this school are kind.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
Look at this picture.
Are you a member of this society?
Could you put these bags in the trunk?
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?
These flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant.
This flower is very beautiful.
How pretty is this flower!
This flower smells nice.
Do you want any of these flowers?
This song reminds me of my childhood.
Can you sing this song?
This song is not loved by girls.
They love this song.
This song was popular in the 1970s.
"This song's name is ""Only You""."
Everyone knows that this chemical is harmful to man.
This house has a solid foundation.
Who owns this house?
This house is very comfortable to live in.
This house is mine.
This house is mine, not yours.
This house needs painting.
This house is very good.
This house has two bathrooms.
This house has six rooms.
This house has eleven rooms.
I'll travel across Europe by bicycle this summer.
Are you going to go anywhere this summer?
I can't stand all this noise.
Is this pencil yours?
This English book is too difficult for me to read.
This movie is for adults, not for children.
Did you like the movie?
I am fed up with this wet weather.
I'm fed up with this wet weather.
How long will this rain go on?
This drink is on the house.
This chair is made of plastic.
How much is this dress?
Taste this wine to see if you like it.
This shirt needs washing.
The movements of this robot are awkward.
This is a dead-end alley.
I can recommend this restaurant.
What time does this restaurant close?
The curry at this restaurant is good.
This apple is sweet.
This apple is very red.
This apple tastes very sour.
This apple tastes sour.
Some of these apples are bad.
This radio is out of order.
How much is this radio?
This yogurt tastes strange.
This is how the incident happened.
This is how the accident happened.
There is no precedent for such a case.
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.
I dislike living in such a noisy place.
Is there a supermarket in this mall?
This rare stamp is hard to come by.
This message doesn't make sense.
This hotel was built last year.
This hotel is better than that hotel.
If you push this button, the door will open.
Push this button and the door will open.
Is this ball yours or hers?
How much is this pen?
Please copy this page.
Please make three copies of this page.
I wonder what this phrase means.
This blouse is cotton.
Do you like this blouse?
This wine tastes good.
Please delete this file.
The bottle is made of glass.
This string is strong.
This video is boring.
This beer tastes bitter.
This beer contains 5% alcohol.
This bread is very delicious.
Are these bananas ripe?
This bag is 4 kilograms overweight.
This puzzle has 500 pieces.
Does this bus go to the beach?
This bus will take you to the museum.
This bus will take you to the airport.
You're going the wrong way.
These scissors cut well.
Please fill this bucket with water.
I want to send this postcard to Japan.
I think I'll take this tie.
How much is this tie?
This tie goes with your shirt.
Can you answer this riddle?
This pear smells nice.
The knife is not sharp.
This knife cuts well.
This knife is very sharp.
This truck is in need of repair.
Prices are stable these days.
I'm very busy these days.
Don't open this door, please.
This door leads to the study.
This door will not open.
This door won't open.
This textbook is written in simple English.
This text is aimed at beginners.
This table is reserved.
I think this table takes up too much space.
This table isn't steady.
This table has a smooth surface.
This data is incorrect.
This chocolate is very sweet and tasty.
Is this diamond real?
How much is this sofa?
Try this sauce.
Try on this sweater.
This sweater is made by hand.
I think this sweater will look good on you.
What do you think of this sweater?
These trousers are too large.
This soup tastes of onions.
This soup smacks of fish.
This soup wants a bit of salt.
The soup is thick.
This soup tastes good.
How does this soup taste?
What does this sign signify?
This shirt wants washing.
This shirt is too small for me to wear.
This shirt costs ten dollars.
I don't like this jacket.
This computer runs on batteries.
I found this column interesting.
This glass contains water.
This coffee is so hot that I can't drink it.
This coffee tastes bitter.
This coffee is too bitter.
This coat is warm.
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
Have a little of this cake.
Let's try this cake.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
This cake is sweet.
There are fifty members in this club.
There are only three girls in the class.
How many boys are there in this class?
This candy costs eighty cents.
This mushroom is not good to eat.
What's this key for?
This curry is too hot.
I don't like this camera.
How do you use this camera?
This camera was made in Germany.
How much is this camera?
This camera is less expensive than that one.
This bag is mine.
This bag cost me 6 pounds.
This tea is very hot.
This tea is called green tea.
This doll has big eyes.
When was this temple built?
This air conditioner consumes a lot of electricity.
This whisky is too strong.
How do you like this whisky?
I don't think these ink stains will come off.
These earphones don't work.
This chair is made of wood.
This chair is very comfortable.
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
This T-shirt is too small for me.
This science-fiction novel is very interesting.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
Maybe you'd better come with us.
Who broke the cup?
The glass is full of milk.
There isn't any milk in the glass.
Give me a glass of water, please.
I had a glass of beer to quench my thirst.
Put yourself in my position.
This is my daughter.
This is my cousin.
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Ann.
This one is prettier.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
May I sit here?
Is it for here?
Here is your key.
This is Miss Curtis.
Let's cross here.
Let's take a 10-minute break.
Everything here is mine.
Come here, John.
Come here and help me.
I am here on business.
It is quiet here at night.
This is a hospital.
Parking is prohibited here.
This is holy ground.
This is the village where I was born.
I'll pay for it.
This is where I was born and brought up.
This room is comfortable.
What's the name of this street, please?
It's very hot here.
It is very cold here.
How many cats are there in this house?
Here is a basket full of vegetables.
Here is a book.
You can park here.
You may park here.
Here's some water.
It's illegal to park your car here.
You cannot park your car here.
Here is a photograph of my family.
There are five pencils here.
Here is your dog. Where is mine?
Here is your dog.
You may stay here if you want to.
May I put it down here?
This is a historic city.
Elephants abound here.
There are no less than five hundred students here.
There used to be a prison here.
Twenty families live here.
Here's a big map of Germany.
Here are some words whose spelling may cause trouble.
Let's put up the Christmas tree here.
It is a great pleasure to be here.
Please wait here.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
Let's rest here.
Let's take a picture here.
Can I take pictures here?
Don't stop here.
Let's take a rest here.
What's going on here?
It is dangerous to swim here.
Don't run here.
Children can play without danger here.
They grow fruit here.
Anything goes here.
You cannot swim here.
You have to speak English here.
That is not how we do things here.
Beware of pickpockets here.
Smoking is not permitted here.
I'm surprised to see you here.
This is where my father works.
Get away from here.
How far is it from here to the museum?
How far is it from here to Hakata?
It is far from here to Tokyo.
How far is it from here to your house?
We can hear the ocean from here.
How far is it from here to the sea?
How far is it from here to the station?
Where is the nearest subway station?
It is a nice view from here.
How far is it from here?
How far is it from here to the hotel?
Sydney is far from here.
Where's the nearest restroom?
This is where the accident happened.
This is the main street of this city.
Cockroaches hide themselves during the day.
Give me a cup of coffee.
Make coffee.
I will make some coffee.
Coffee keeps me awake.
Give me a coffee, please.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
Please give me some more coffee.
Would you like more coffee?
Could I have one more coffee, please?
Would you like some coffee?
I prefer coke to coffee.
I like coffee hot.
How about some more coffee?
Coffee is Brazil's main product.
I don't care much for coffee.
I like coffee better.
The price of coffee has come down.
Would you like another cup of coffee?
I'd like some more coffee.
Where is the coffee shop?
Would you like coffee or tea?
Put on your coat.
May I take your coat?
The coach gave me some advice.
A coke, please.
This is how it happened.
Koalas are more popular than kangaroos.
Koalas can only be seen in Australia.
What's Ken doing now?
Both Ken and Meg are my friends.
Ken will be invited to the party by her.
Ken complained of a headache.
Ken is waiting for the arrival of the train.
Ken wasn't running.
Ken walked on crutches.
Ken wants a bicycle.
Was Ken at home yesterday?
Ken laid down his arms.
Ken is happy.
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake.
Ken has made it.
What is Ken eating?
Ken is good at swimming.
Ken talks as if he knew everything.
Does Ken play tennis?
Ken beat me at chess.
Ken has a guitar.
Ken runs faster than you.
Ken has arrived in Kyoto.
Ken and his brother are very much alike.
It takes two to make a quarrel.
Ken has been looking for you.
Kevin gave up the idea of going to Canada.
My grandmother posted the letter this morning.
The train was late this morning.
Nobody was injured.
Will you eat a little cake?
I need some sugar to make a cake.
How about another piece of cake?
I think Kate is also a clever person.
Kate has a cold.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
Kate knows how to make a cake.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
Kate wants to finish her homework by ten.
Keisuke is taller than I.
Where are your credit cards?
Do you have a credit card?
Grace has not come yet.
Mr Grey did not enjoy his job.
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
I've put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
Christmas is a special holiday.
Christmas is just around the corner.
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas.
Christmas Day is December 25th.
What have you bought her for Christmas?
It's doubtful if we'll finish in time for Christmas.
What did you get for Christmas?
What do you want for Christmas, Jenny?
I look forward to seeing you at Christmas.
I think I have to go back on a diet after Christmas.
Chris didn't have a car.
Chris can't work tomorrow.
There are 50 members in the club.
Will you join our club?
The whole class was quiet.
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
No boy in the class is as tall as Bill.
Talking of classical music, who is your favorite composer?
I like classical music.
I like to listen to classical music.
I've lost my crown.
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer.
Spiders spin webs.
I abhor spiders.
Kumi is playing tennis now.
The shoes are made of leather.
There is no time to lose.
Whales come under mammals.
I can't stop sneezing.
The air conditioner doesn't seem to work.
The coup attempt was foiled at the last moment.
Today is Sunday.
I'm going to go to the doctor this afternoon.
How many brothers and sisters do you have?
A cucumber is related to a watermelon.
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
Gangsters robbed a bank of thousands of dollars.
Carol couldn't choke back her tears.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
Carol often watches horror movies.
Carol lives in Chicago.
It seems that Cathy likes music.
Kim and I are the same age.
Do you believe in ghosts?
You make me happy.
You are my sunshine.
You look tired.
Were you at home yesterday?
What a big house you have!
Did you mistake the margarine for butter?
Are you all ready?
I didn't know you were such a good cook.
Where did you go yesterday?
There was a car accident yesterday.
I caught three fish yesterday.
It rained yesterday.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
I slept twelve hours yesterday.
I met your parents yesterday.
A fox is a wild animal.
I'm sure she will turn up soon.
I bet he will get mad.
Be sure to be in time.
I'm sure you'll like it.
I'm sure I'll be able to find it.
He must love you.
I'm sure Mom will get mad.
Sit up straight.
Can you play the guitar?
Who is playing the guitar?
I want a guitar.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
I neglected to note it in my calendar.
I heard a strange sound coming from the garage.
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
California is famous for its fruit.
Gulliver's Travels was written by a famous English writer.
Glass breaks easily.
Glass is made from sand.
I hate karaoke.
I should've brought my camera.
Do you have a camera?
The camera was essential for me.
Is there a cafe?
It's pretty cold.
Is it serious?
It seems to be serious.
Canada is larger than Japan.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
I'm from Canada.
French is spoken in a part of Canada.
Have you ever been to Canada?
They speak English and French in Canada.
Do they speak French in Canada?
Catholics are against birth control.
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce.
The handle of the cup is broken.
The cup broke.
There used to be a bridge here.
I like the way you walk.
Don't lose heart.
Please send me a catalogue.
Gasoline is sold by the liter.
We have run out of gas.
Take this medicine when you have a cold.
I can't get rid of my cold.
Did you turn off the gas?
See if the gas is turned off.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
There are some good apples in the basket.
You would make a good diplomat.
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.
Frogs are afraid of snakes.
Carl looked very happy.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
Have you finished talking?
Excuse me for interrupting you.
May I interrupt?
The line is busy.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
Can we talk?
Don't mention it.
Bring your friends with you.
Do you have an appointment with him?
I wish I could help you.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
I'm very happy to know you.
I am honored to meet you.
I am familiar with your name.
How do you spell your name?
Your name is familiar to me.
Mother is busy preparing dinner.
Is your mother at home?
Try putting yourself in your mother's shoes.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
Mom bought a pretty doll for me.
Mom! Hurry!
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
Thanks for your reply.
The starving man devoured the food.
I have gas.
I'm getting hungry.
Aren't you hungry?
My stomach is full.
Is the bath ready?
It's time to take a bath.
Stop bothering your father.
Dad bought me a camera.
My father runs a restaurant.
Where is Father?
Dad bought a camera.
What does your father do?
Ask your dad to help you.
Say hello to your father for me.
What are you doing, Dad?
Be kind to old people.
I can't eat meat.
Boil some water.
How is the weather?
Let's have lunch.
He refreshed himself with a cup of tea.
Please give me a cup of tea.
I'd like a cup of tea.
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Would you like some more tea?
Would you like another cup of tea?
Tea was introduced from China.
The quality of tea is going down.
Tea and coffee helps to start the day.
The tea is too strong. Add some water.
We've run out of tea.
May I escort you home?
Your dog is very big.
Your children look healthy.
Thank you for your patience.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Take care of yourself.
You have a habit of exaggerating everything.
You've taken everything.
You always sing.
Don't scatter your things about.
He looks like your brother.
This is your fault.
I can wait for you.
I'm counting on you.
You are wrong.
You are drunk!
May I have a glass of water?
Just water, please.
What's your daughter's name?
Thank you very much for your invitation.
Let's have sushi.
Can I drink alcohol?
Do you drink alcohol?
Shall I help you?
I am willing to help you.
It's very kind of you to help me.
Thank you very much for your letter.
I received your letter.
Thank you for your letter.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
Thank you very much for your hospitality.
Where is your cap?
How old are your children?
Do you have any children?
Pass the sugar, please.
Behave yourself.
Watch yourself.
Sit wherever you like.
It seems we are in the same boat.
You called?
Your brother got married, didn't he?
My money was stolen.
I'm trying to save money.
Give me a little money.
I have hardly any money left.
How much money do you have?
I want money.
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.
Good night and sweet dreams.
Is there a doctor in the house?
I am sorry for you.
I'm sorry for you.
Welcome home.
Come on! Give me a chance.
I'd like to ask a favor of you.
Please hurry up!
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
I've heard a lot about you.
Do you want something to drink?
I'll peel an orange for you.
I prefer apples to oranges.
Oranges grow in warm countries.
Oranges are sweeter than lemons.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
Two glasses of orange juice, please.
I don't see anything.
We will go but you won't.
We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
The Netherlands is a small country.
In about two weeks.
Good night, Mom.
Good night, sleep tight.
You are under arrest.
I will make a man of you.
I don't want to hear you speak.
You're fired.
You are too young to travel alone.
How lazy you are!
The opera starts at seven.
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good morning, Mike.
My aunt brought me some flowers.
Aunt, this is Tom.
My aunt has three children.
My aunt sent me a birthday present.
I have a stomachache.
I was hungry.
He departed for London the day before yesterday.
I went there the day before yesterday.
I think what you say is true.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada.
Tadpoles become frogs.
Mumps is an infectious disease.
Maybe you'll succeed.
Stop talking and listen to me.
My uncle gave me a book.
My uncle has a deep interest in art.
My uncle lives near the school.
My uncle runs a hotel.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
It was necessary that my uncle should be informed.
Grandfather speaks very slowly.
I'm fine, thank you.
Have you decided to go to Australia?
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
It was not until I visited Australia that I realized how small Japan was.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
Australia is smaller than South America.
Australia is rich in natural resources.
Australia exports a lot of wool.
Australia is abundant in minerals.
The language spoken in Australia is English.
I found a good Mexican restaurant.
Hey! Your baseball just broke my window.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
Ellen does not speak English.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
The elevator is out of order.
Where is the elevator?
The elevator is moving up and down.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
Emi looks happy.
Emi has never written a letter.
Emi will study English.
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
Edgar Degas was luckier than many painters.
Let me see.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison was not a bright student.
We attribute Edison's success to intelligence and hard work.
Edison invented the light bulb.
What language do they speak in Egypt?
Yes, I went yesterday.
Where do the airport buses leave from?
The air conditioner doesn't work.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
Yes. Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Shut up and listen, kid.
That's a good approach.
Mr Wood had no sons.
She wanted to return home, but she got lost.
We take a newspaper.
We are a family of five.
My family goes skiing every winter.
Our refrigerator is out of order.
My daughter has reached a marriageable age.
My mother is active.
My mother is certain to say no.
Our cat is in the kitchen.
Our garden was full of weeds.
There is a small pond in our garden.
My son is taller than me.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Our dog seldom bites.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
My grandmother lives by herself.
We have a good heating system.
Everything is all right at home.
Never tell lies.
I think it's wrong to tell a lie.
Don't tell a lie. Be honest.
I feel guilty about having told a lie.
I feel guilty.
Rabbits like to eat carrots.
Rabbits are related to beavers and squirrels.
A rabbit has long ears.
A rabbit is running in the garden.
I heard a Japanese nightingale.
Wendy was not always interested in Japanese festivals.
Mr. and Mrs. West are on their honeymoon.
I can't come up with a good idea.
No, thank you. I'm full.
Mr Wilson is proud of his house.
Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?
Vienna is a beautiful city.
Inflation is getting out of control.
I had a flu shot.
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.
Have you ever been to India?
In India, the cow is a sacred animal.
Don't write in ink.
Thank you very much for everything.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
A dolphin is a mammal.
Iran proclaimed war against the US.
I oppose it.
No, I don't have it with me.
No, sit down.
There's no turning back now.
It's too late now.
I am coming.
We postponed the event.
A dog was running.
The dog followed me.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
My cousin is having a baby next month.
My cousin works in a shop near our home.
We are cousins.
When are you coming back?
When were you born?
When will you get ready to leave?
When will you leave?
When did you change your address?
When was it built?
When did you open your new store?
When did you get back from London?
When are you going to Europe?
I always feel sleepy.
I'm always moody.
To be always honest is not easy.
I'm always very nervous.
I say it all the time.
Come whenever you like.
What time do you usually have breakfast?
I arrived later than usual.
I'm always thirsty.
How long will you stay in Tokyo?
I will remember for you forever.
When did you come to Paris?
Always tell the truth.
We're ready to leave.
You can always count on me.
Any time will suit me.
I'm always ready for death.
There is always something to do.
When do you play tennis?
Can a child do such a cruel thing?
What have you been doing all this while?
When did you buy it?
When shall I return the book?
When will we get to Sydney?
When would it be convenient for you?
When was this car washed?
When did you arrive?
I know nothing about it.
I met him once.
We must get together for a drink some time.
I want to go to America some day.
When can I see you?
On his tour of Italy, he visited several cities which are famous for their scenic beauty, for instance, Naples and Florence.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
In Italy, each village holds a festival once a year.
Get me a chair, please.
The English are a polite people.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
The weather changes very often in England.
They drive on the left in England.
I come from England.
Jesus wept.
Jesus answered them.
Just say yes or no.
No, you have to make a connecting flight in Chicago.
Good riddance!
It smells good!
He is nice.
I've got a good idea.
Did you have a nice summer?
Happy Easter!
I'm painting Easter eggs.
I'll tell you a secret.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Don't give me that!
In other words, he is lazy.
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
No, I'm tired.
No, it cannot be true.
No, I don't know.
No, I've never been there.
No, I'm not singing.
No, he has gone out for lunch already.
No, I haven't written it yet.
No, but I play tennis.
No, thank you. I'm just looking.
No, you don't have to.
No, not too much.
I made Ann my secretary.
Ann seems to be ill.
Ann is said to be their leader.
Ann is a little girl.
Ann plays tennis very well.
Ann has a weakness for chocolate.
Ann finished painting the picture.
I think Ann loves Jack.
Ann always keeps her room clean.
I must apologize to Ann.
Ann has no sister.
Anne has many admirers.
He is fortunate having such a good wife.
It was stupid of me to make such a mistake.
It's unlike him to get so angry.
Never have I seen such a big whale.
Andersen was afraid of dogs, too.
I was looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
Why are you with a pig?
The apricot trees are in full blossom.
What's that?
Nothing can be worse than that.
Can I see that one?
Do you have any allergies?
Whose books are those?
Those are our teachers' cars.
Those are my books.
Those are my CDs.
Those are our books.
Those photos are hers.
Those houses are 500 years old.
Those houses are big.
Those apples are big.
Those dogs are big.
That is her house.
That is his house.
That is his car.
Those were his actual words.
That is the picture that he painted.
That is the house where he lives.
Is that a cat or a dog?
That is a pagoda.
Whose book is that?
Whose car is that?
Whose shoes are those?
That is the fastest train in the world.
That is our school.
That is my sister's camera.
That was my mistake.
That's our house.
That is the shop where I used to work.
What's that bird?
That is a pencil.
Is that a cat?
That is not a tiger.
That is a table.
That is just what I wanted.
It's a pheasant.
That is your book.
That is the bus stop.
How many cars does Alex have?
Ask Alex.
Is that a bat?
That is mine.
That is my school.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
One day I met him.
One winter morning I met him.
I agree with you to a certain extent.
A girl phoned me.
An idea came to me.
In a way you are right, but I still have doubts.
I have no job, so I can never save money.
Do you have any non-alcoholic drinks?
Sysko works like an ant.
Alice smiled.
Alice went to bed at ten.
Thank you, brothers.
Thanks, Yukina.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
Regard all art critics as useless and dangerous.
There is a limit to everything.
The Arabic script was replaced by the Roman alphabet.
Arabic is a very important language.
Arabic is written from right to left.
You should have telephoned in advance.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
The United States is a republic.
I prefer French films to American ones.
America is a country of immigrants.
America is very large.
The United States borders Canada.
When did America become independent of England?
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
What is the capital of the United States?
There are a great many forest fires in America.
In the U.S., you have the option, when you enter a restaurant, to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section.
Every town in America has a library.
Don't expect too much.
I don't read newspapers much.
It is too hot to work.
I do not have much time.
I don't have much time.
There is not much hope.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
Don't boast too much about that.
Don't spend too much money.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
The sun was shining in all its splendid beauty.
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.
Africa is exporting beef to Europe.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
Have you ever been to Africa?
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a month.
I don't want to go out on a limb.
It looks like a duck.
Did you rent an apartment?
Who is that old woman?
You must steer clear of that gang.
What do those lights signify?
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
That translation is said to be true to the original.
I'll keep that book for myself.
Put that book aside for me.
That book is worth reading.
What did you do with those books?
I am very pleased to meet them.
Are you the writer of that report?
That room is not very large.
It is dark in that room.
They say there's a Picasso and three Renoirs in that museum.
That plane will take off at five.
That box is bigger than this one.
Look at the cat.
The clock on that tower is accurate.
That party is always pandering to the middle class.
That's a cheap store.
They sell meat at that store.
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
They sell various kinds of goods at that store.
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.
Who is that boy?
The lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher.
Was that word appropriate in that situation?
Look at that big hammer.
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.
It is a pity that the teacher is leaving our school.
Have you any idea who he is?
You can't count on their help.
He's going to have a heart attack.
He is a doctor and a university professor.
He must be Tom's brother.
Let's ask him.
He's the type who doesn't worry about details.
I often go fishing with them.
I wonder who they are.
No one informed me of his failure.
That's the woman who wants to see you.
What happened to him?
Who is that gentleman?
That boy is running.
The boy tried moving the heavy sofa.
That boy has black hair.
That boy is Tony, isn't he?
That boy's hair is black.
That girl is more cute than beautiful.
Who's that girl?
That girl's eyes are blue.
That small star is brightest.
That small one is also mine.
I think that actress is one of the most beautiful women on earth.
Who is that woman?
She is always finding fault with other people.
That woman has two bags.
Look at the girls.
That car is hers.
That car is mine.
Please take a look at that picture.
That copy differs from the original.
That bicycle belongs to our school.
Is that clock working?
I have not seen him since.
She is always smiling.
That child can count to twenty.
The job offer still stands.
Look at that mountain.
That mountain is covered with snow.
How high is that mountain?
We were younger then.
Look at those black clouds.
That black one is mine.
Is that black bag yours?
Look at that tall building.
That old bridge is anything but safe.
Don't let that dog come near me!
That dog has a short tail.
How old is that dog?
Look at that building.
That building is our school.
What's that building?
That bridge isn't long.
That bridge is made of stone.
That bridge is very beautiful.
How old is that church?
Is that machine still usable?
That bag is mine.
I want that bag.
They teach Chinese at that school.
What do you imagine when you see that picture?
Look at that picture.
That company went bankrupt.
I like the slow rhythm of that song.
I can't get that song out of my head.
Look at that house.
That house belongs to him.
That house is big.
That house is very small.
That house belongs to me.
The house is haunted.
Two families live in that house.
What was that noise?
That chimney is very high.
Look at that smoke. That building must be on fire.
Look at that smoke.
That movie was really moving.
How did you like that movie?
That restaurant prepares two thousand meals every day.
Let's sit down on that bench.
Those roses are very beautiful.
Don't climb that ladder - it's not secure.
Whose notebook is that?
Try on that shirt.
Who is that lady?
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
That guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
That Italian author is little known in Japan.
Allow me to introduce my wife to you.
How many of you are there?
I love you with all my heart.
It's my duty to help you.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
I want you to meet my parents.
I'm on your side.
You remind me of your brother.
You remind me of your father.
Can I call you Bob?
I'd like to invite you to the party.
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.
Do you also like jazz?
It's a present for you.
Which period of history are you studying?
Haven't you had your dinner?
Are you free tomorrow?
You should not sleep.
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Do you run every day?
What time do you get up every morning?
Will you really send me a Japanese doll?
Do you really want it?
I admire you.
You have a lot of books.
You look busy.
You were busy.
You aren't busy, are you?
Are you busy?
Are you studying?
Your nose is bleeding.
You are a beautiful butterfly.
You must help her.
Do you know him?
You can't blame him for the accident.
Are you listening to him?
You should follow his advice.
You should not laugh at his mistake.
Do you know his brother?
I suppose you like him.
Do you know where he lives?
Are you always at home in the evening?
You look young for your age.
What do you do on Sunday?
Do you speak Japanese?
Do you have two books?
You have two books.
You have two balls.
You are overworked.
You are sharp.
How did you make a living in Tokyo?
Do you live in the city?
Do you go by train or by car?
You need a change of air.
You can't stay for long.
You don't have to get up early.
Who are you talking with?
Who do you want to talk to?
You are very beautiful.
Can you speak another language?
You are a teacher.
You are not a student.
Are you interested in politics?
Are you good at mathematics?
Are you a new student?
You must not eat too much.
Do you get along with your boss?
You will be laughed at.
Are you ten years old?
What do you have in your hand?
Can you drive?
Have you ever eaten turkey?
Can you ride a bicycle?
Will you go with us?
Do you know me?
I hope that you'll help me.
What do you take me for?
You have more energy than I.
Did you hear my son play the violin?
You are my pride and joy.
You speak my language.
What did you do with my pants?
Don't you believe me?
Did you see my camera?
He has twice as many books as I do.
Do you know them?
Do you know where I live?
Did you catch the first train?
Have you finished your work?
I believe you like your job.
Did you have a good sleep last night?
Did you play baseball yesterday?
Were you busy yesterday?
Did you go to school yesterday?
You were at home yesterday, weren't you?
Which program did you watch yesterday?
Did you watch TV yesterday?
You have only to answer the first question.
Who do you like better, Sachiko or Akiko?
What are you going to do tonight?
Will you stay at home tonight?
Where do you want to go this summer?
What time did you get up this morning?
You are now on the way to recovery.
Have you ever seen a whale?
Have you ever been to Kobe?
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
You'd better go home.
Do you like black cats?
Are you a high school student?
What do you want to do in the afternoon?
Are you content with your present salary?
You must take care of the dog.
You are stupid.
You are crazy.
Do you know how to cook fish?
You must hurry up.
You have a good memory.
You made an error.
Are you a student?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Do you have any foreign books?
How long did you stay abroad?
Are you interested in flowers?
You must think of your family.
You must go home.
You may go home.
How many pencils do you have?
How many sisters do you have?
How many siblings do you have?
Why are you busy today?
What don't you have?
What do you have?
What would you like to do?
You have everything.
Do you want anything to eat?
Can you think of anything else?
Do you have a pencil?
Can you translate English into Japanese?
Do you know how to speak English?
Can you write a letter in English?
Do you like English?
Do you feel like going to the theater?
You're in luck.
You will see the difference.
Who do you like better, Akiko or Sachiko?
Have you been to London?
How many rackets do you have?
You should be more reasonable.
You must study grammar more.
You are no longer a baby.
Are you fond of Maltese dogs?
You are absolutely right.
You're still young.
Did you really expect him to tell you the truth?
All you have to do is press the button.
What did you say to Paula?
Do you have a lot of pens?
Have you ever been to France?
Do you know Mr. Brown?
Do you like the piano?
You've never been to Paris?
Do you go to school by bus?
Do you have a violin?
Do you know Noah's ark?
What train you are going to take?
What subject do you like best?
How did you solve the problem?
How long have you been in Kushiro?
Which CD do you want to listen to?
You are so kind.
You are very rich.
Which group do you want to join?
Where were you going?
Where did you see Nancy?
Where do you watch television?
Why are you alone?
You can speak German.
Do you watch television?
You can watch television.
You can dance, can't you?
You're respected by everybody.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
All you have to do is sit down here and answer the doctor's questions.
Do you have a lot of time?
You don't have to get up so early.
You should have kept it secret.
Did you make it for yourself?
You can make it.
You have only to ask for it.
You may choose any of them.
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.
Can you open the window?
You have been busy.
Can you skate?
You must go at once.
How long have you known Judy?
Do you like San Francisco?
Do you play soccer?
Do you know what this is?
You don't have to answer this question.
Have you read this article?
Are you the owner of this house?
Do you know how to use this camera?
You shouldn't eat here.
You drink too much coffee.
Do you care for classical music?
You are a pretty girl.
What did you do yesterday?
Did you call your friend in Canada?
Do you like tea or coffee?
Do you come from Austria or Australia?
When are you busy?
When do you study?
When did you finish writing the letter?
When will you come back to school?
You are always late.
When did you finish the work?
How many apples do you want?
Do you have any apples?
You are an American boy.
Can you see that small house?
Do you believe in UFOs?
You have four dogs.
You have two flowers.
Have you known her since 1990?
Do you like to study?
Do you want me to make coffee?
Are you satisfied with your job?
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
I can't follow you.
I will give you whatever you want.
Your account is empty.
Is anyone coming besides your friends?
Say hello to your friends.
Compare your translation with his.
Come and write your name.
Your name stands first in the list.
How do you pronounce your name?
Your name was mentioned.
How do you spell your family name?
The day will surely come when your dreams will come true.
Your dreams have come true.
Your pulse is normal.
I'd like to see your sister.
Lend me your book, please.
May all your wishes come true!
What is your mother tongue?
Did you clean your room?
Where is your room?
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
I hope you'll get well soon.
Your handwriting is similar to mine.
Your answer doesn't make sense.
Your answer is correct.
Can you show me any evidence for your statement?
What are your strong points?
You are rude.
What does your son want to be when he grows up?
I am happy to hear your voice.
I want to talk with your uncle.
May I take a picture of you?
Your question is hard to answer.
Will you lend your dictionary to me?
Can I use your dictionary?
Your bicycle is better than mine.
Your watch is on the desk.
What is your name?
I'll do it according to your instructions.
Your wallet is on the television set.
Your idea is similar to mine.
What's your favorite food?
Who is your favorite author?
Maybe you're right.
You may be right about that.
I cannot follow you.
Your plan requires a large amount of money.
Could I use your desk?
Which is your bag?
Is your school far from here?
Your house needs painting.
Could I use your pencil?
Your assistance is indispensable for us.
I'm very grateful for your help.
I'd appreciate your help.
Without your help, I would have failed.
What's your opinion?
I wish I had a friend like you.
I would like to be your pen pal.
Yours is over there.
How are your studies going?
I don't mean you.
I'll never forget you.
How many boys are there in your class?
Your bag is on my desk.
That sounds very interesting.
Could you spell your name, please?
Is your mother at home now?
How is your mother?
Are you proud of your father?
Your father is tall.
Is your father a teacher?
How old is your father?
Do you know where your father went?
We are glad to help you.
What's your favorite television program?
I will do as you say.
I can't hear you very well.
How old is your uncle?
How old is your grandfather?
Check your order.
I've often heard about you.
May I request a favour of you?
You're wanted on the phone. It's from Tom.
May I ask you a question?
I want you to stay with me.
Every time I see you, I think of your father.
I have no secrets from you.
You have the right to the truth.
I cannot lend this book to you.
I'd like you to read this book.
I'm happy to see you.
I'm surprised to see you.
There is a woman who wants to see you.
I have something to give you.
I would like you to meet my parents.
I quite agree with you.
I enjoyed your company.
Never have I dreamed of marrying you.
I want to make love with you.
I'd like to have a word with you.
I will come with you.
Are you students?
You can go there in a boat.
You're the only one who can help me.
Who is the man that you were talking with?
She will come if you ask her.
It is a pity you cannot come.
Take as many as you want.
Give up smoking if you want to live long.
It's your turn to answer the question.
Tell me what you want me to do.
When was it that you first met her?
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
Will you show me what you bought yesterday?
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
You may invite whoever you like.
I do love you.
He will come if you call him.
We often hear you sing.
I can't seem to find your last e-mail, I wonder if you can resend it to me.
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris.
You needn't be afraid of making mistakes.
I hope that you will like it.
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
Pity you can't come.
I'll miss you.
We miss you very much.
One of the fellows you were with is a friend of mine.
Please bring my book up when you come.
What happened to you last night?
When will we arrive?
We're almost there.
Thank you for your advice.
I'll call you later.
Let's check it later.
I'll call him back later.
Here he is!
I'll write you as soon as I arrive there.
I have looked for it up and down.
All is quiet.
All was calm.
I know him.
I don't know what to do now.
It's easy to see the fireworks from over there.
You can't buy it anywhere but there.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home.
I will stay home tomorrow.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Asia is much larger than Australia.
Come the day after tomorrow.
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
The beard does not make the philosopher.
Achilles was an ancient Greek hero.
Akira can play tennis well.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
Ireland and England are separated by the sea.
I'm sorry, my mother's not at home.
Unfortunately he refused to come.
Unfortunately I was not in time for his speech.
I'm sorry, today is fully booked.
Accepting the other's norms is submitting to the other's power.
Ai and Mariko are close friends. They go everywhere together.
He shot at me.
I'll take my revenge on him at all costs tomorrow.
He is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
He is a formidable opponent.
He is a spoiled child.
He is so heartless.
He has more lives than a cat.
His little sister is very cute, isn't she?
I'll kill him.
I don't get along with that guy.
He looks suspicious.
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.
Two ice creams, please.
Now I remember.
How awful!
Oh yeah, that's right. I was supposed to meet some friends in Shibuya at eight.
I wish I were a bird.
Oh! I know the man.
Well, I have to go now.
Oh, thank you, kind sir.
Argh! My computer froze up again.
What does USSR stand for?
I like science fiction better.
What does PTA stand for?
Far from refuting the thesis that race is to blame for lower IQ score, Lynn's data actually supports it.
General Motors laid off 76,000 workers.
I can only import GIF files.
GE announced the acquisition of the company Laku for $30 million.
How many CDs do you have?
CDs have taken the place of records.
A is 5 times as long as B.
Draw a line from A to B.
Can you come at nine?
It's a quarter past nine.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
Few people live to be ninety years old.
Come to my house at eight.
Get me up at eight.
It's on the eighth floor.
This is Room 839.
I missed the 7:00 train.
Come here before seven o'clock.
I have to be back home by seven.
I'll call you at seven.
I got up at seven.
Seven is believed to be a lucky number.
Seven is said to be a lucky number.
Seven dollars, please.
Got up at six, and left home at seven.
Let's wait until six o'clock.
Wait till six.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
Please wake me at six.
Come home before six.
It rains a lot in June.
I'd like to reserve a single room on June 3.
Yeah, I asked about six times.
Six months is a long time to wait.
Please wait for five minutes.
You should take the number 5 bus.
Give me five days.
I want to finish this work by five.
There is no admission fee for children under five.
May comes after April.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
5 is less than 8.
Here's $5.
I have little more than 5 dollars.
He died aged 54 years.
You gave me only fifty cents.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
He must be over fifty.
It's 50 yen.
April is the fourth month of the year.
We ordered 40 minutes ago.
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.
The third star belonged to a certain king.
The war began three years later.
The three neighbours helped each other.
Three men broke out of prison yesterday.
Three children were playing in the park.
Three people are still missing.
I can come at three.
At the end of March we'll marry.
On March 15 we will have been married for 20 years.
3 multiplied by 5 is 15.
It is difficult to speak three languages.
It took half an hour.
Let's begin at page 30.
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
Two tears fell down her cheeks.
The two streets run parallel to one another.
I have a reservation for two nights.
Never tell me a lie again.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
Both are alive.
I met two foreigners, one was from Canada, and the other from England.
I will be back in two weeks' time.
I'll be back in two hours.
I'll be back within two hours.
I missed the two o'clock plane.
Twice two is four.
Two problems remained unsolved.
May I ask a couple of questions?
Choose either one or the other.
Can I call you back in twenty minutes?
I'll call back in twenty minutes.
By the year 2020, the population of this city will have doubled.
I saw him go into the toilet a few minutes ago.
I'll be with you in a few minutes.
He will be back in a few days.
May I ask a few questions?
It will cost more than ten thousand yen.
A dead leaf fell to the ground.
Because just one minute costs nearly four pounds.
In the course of a year my son grew stronger.
A year has twelve months.
I was feeling blue all day.
He was playing tennis all day.
I've won first prize!
I must buy one.
A man appeared at the door.
I would like to travel alone.
It had been snowing for a week.
I can do it in a week.
He left an hour ago.
The man who telephoned an hour ago was Frank.
We will leave in an hour.
I'll be back in an hour.
He will be back in an hour.
I will call you in an hour.
I'll be back in an hour or so.
I can't afford to waste a single yen.
A bird flew into the tree.
A metre is 100 centimetres.
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
There is a page missing.
A dollar is equal to a hundred cents.
I'd like to ask a question.
Why don't we share a room?
For one thing, I'm busy; for another, I'm not interested.
A team is composed of eleven players.
It's impossible to learn English in a month.
Count from one to ten.
I am 19 years old.
In 1994, there was a shortage of water and rice in Japan.
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.
1980 was the year when I was born.
Twelve is an even number.
Has Flight 123 arrived?
Has Flight 123 been delayed?
I go to bed at eleven.
Eleven o'clock is good for me.
It is ten minutes before eleven.
Let's have a ten-minute break.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
Ten years is a long time.
Ten years have gone by.
Ten days passed by.
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
You must be back by 10 o'clock.
I'll stay here until ten.
I'll be back at ten.
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
We have a break from 10:40 to 11:00.
It is twenty minutes past ten.
Ten houses were burned down.
It's the third of October.
Let's start with Lesson Ten.
Can you subtract six from ten?
I don't want to spend more than $10.
Two from ten leaves eight.
Where is Room 105?
He can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.
One hundred dollars is just chicken feed.
Is one thousand yen enough?
One, three, and five are odd numbers.
"Write an essay on ""Friendship""."
Animals in the wild are not robots, she says.
Shut up, he whispered.
"Are you tired? ""No, not at all."""
"Is she young? ""Yes, she is."""
"Does she have a dog? ""No, she doesn't."""
"How old is she? ""She is twelve years old."""
"Does she play tennis? ""Yes, she does."""
"Where's his book? ""It's on the table."""
"Our train leaves at 9:00. ""Don't worry. We'll make it."""
"Who helped you? ""Tom did."""
"A Happy New Year! ""I wish you the same!"""
"Will you pass me the sugar? ""Here you are."""
"You mustn't go out now. ""Why not?"""
"What time is it now? ""It's ten o'clock."""
"Do you like snakes? ""Of course not."""
"Air and ""heir"" are homophones."
Don't cry, she said.
"What time is it? ""It is ten-thirty."""
"Will it rain? ""I hope not."""
"Anything else? ""No, that's all."""
"What is the English for ""kaisha""?"
"Have you ever been to New York? ""Yes, I've been there a couple of times."""
"Who is it? ""It's me."""
Superman is showing at the movie theatre this month.
"Whose books are these? ""They are Alice's."""
"Whose chair is this? ""It is mine."""
"How are you? ""I am fine, thank you."""
"Who is that girl? ""That's Keiko."""
"Are you students? ""Yes, we are."""
"What would you like? ""I would like a dog."""
"Where are your books? ""They are on the desk."""
What is your wish? asked the little white rabbit.
"Where is your house? ""It is over there."""
Ah is an interjection.
It is very hot here in summer.
I met nice people.
Memory is an essential function of our brain.
This does not concern you at all.
I am a shy boy.
Sentences past this ID are sentences added by contributors of Tatoeba Project.
The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.
No matter how much I consider it I do not understand.
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.
When you talk to others, you're doing it with your arms crossed.
Complete the following form to know who you could have been in a previous life.
I would like to try the blue striped skirt.
It is not his business.
I have a cough and a little fever.
Spaniards have two surnames.
Raúl can't have fun without his friends.
Rubén is the father of three children.
Spain has been a democracy since 1975.
Do you have difficulty understanding what women or small children say to you?
Paco draws cityscapes.
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Hello, how are you?
Welcome.
He often appears on TV.
Talk to you later.
I'm going to bed.
You mean a lot to me.
I'm going downtown.
Real women have curves.
The record was sent to the ministry.
It isn't totally exact.
I want to recover my valuables.
The trees are green.
I have no interest in ordinary people.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
You can decorate the cocktail with a cherry or a pineapple.
This factory manufactures automobile parts.
The output of this factory has increased by 20%.
This is the very video I have been looking for.
This is an emergency.
This is too difficult for me.
Then I'll come again later.
I swim in the sea every day.
This room smells musty.
This is a daily newspaper.
Did you pay for the book?
You're a bookworm.
Do you really believe in ghosts?
You might be wise to remain silent.
You are a troublemaker.
You should keep your promise.
You're very brave, aren't you?
You speak fluent English.
You should obey your parents.
Will you go by train?
You want to go?
Will you join us?
I'll sue you.
I have a surprise for you.
You remind me of my mother.
I'll love you forever.
I'll make you happy.
I believe in you.
I can't wait for you.
I am counting on you.
It's up to you.
I have a job for you.
Who is your English teacher?
How did you come to know one another?
You must learn from mistakes.
You've changed.
I can't live without you.
Kaoru has gone to America.
The crowd hailed the winner.
The troops advanced twenty miles.
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.
The detectives pursued him.
I have an older brother.
I hope your brother is better.
My brother left his school when he was fourteen years old.
My brother is looking for an apartment.
My brother goes fishing every weekend.
My brother is out.
My brother bought an electric guitar.
My brother has just come home from Kobe.
My brother likes horror movies.
My brother died of cancer last year.
My brother gave me a pair of jeans.
My brother goes to college in Kobe.
My brother bought a used car, so it was not very expensive.
Brothers should not quarrel.
How many brothers do you have?
Keiko is proud of her family.
Keiko sings.
Keiko is a singer.
I want a cellular phone.
Business is improving.
How is the economy?
Business is slow.
I'd like a room with a good view, please.
Experience is the best teacher.
Economics is the study of economic mechanisms.
Don't trust a man whose past you know nothing about.
This fluorescent lamp is starting to flicker. We'll have to replace it.
The plan has worked well.
Forewarned is forearmed.
A policeman came up to me.
The policeman blamed the taxi driver for the accident.
The policeman arrested the thief.
The police accused him of murder.
The thief ran away when he saw a policeman.
There was no warning whatsoever.
The police got to the scene of the accident.
The police arrested the suspect yesterday.
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner.
The police caught the thief.
The police accused him of theft.
The police arrested the suspect.
It's only a slight cold.
Art is long, life is short.
The whale is not a fish but a mammal.
The whale is a very large mammal which lives in the sea.
Whales feed on small fish.
A whale is a mammal.
Whales are classified as mammals.
Did you ever see a whale?
Never speak ill of others.
Don't worry about the results.
The results were far from satisfactory.
You were right after all.
OK. Go ahead.
It's so exciting.
Getting married is a serious matter.
Blood runs in the veins.
Blood is thicker than water.
The blood was bright red.
The moon came out from behind the clouds.
There is no air on the moon.
There is no grass on the moon.
The moon is behind the clouds.
The moon does not shine as brightly as the sun.
The moon moves around the earth.
It's Monday.
Monday comes after Sunday.
Ken looks happy.
Ken plays soccer every day.
Ken went to the park to meet Yumi.
Who runs faster, Ken or Tony?
Nothing is more important than health.
Your health is more important.
Health means everything.
Nothing is so precious as health.
A sound mind dwells in a sound body.
Kenji told his friends a story about his trip to India.
The buildings look so tiny.
We have a dog, a cat and three canaries.
The dog bit me in the hand.
The dog attacked the little boy.
A dog bit her on the leg.
A dog is barking.
Have you fed the dog?
I was bitten on the leg by a dog.
No dogs allowed.
The dog jumped over a chair.
The dog pursued a rabbit into the forest.
The dog is after the fox.
All dogs are faithful.
A dog has a sharp sense of smell.
Dogs often bury bones.
Is the dog swimming?
Dogs can swim.
A dog seldom bites unless it is attacked.
A dog has four legs.
A dog can run faster than a man can.
A dog is a man's best friend.
The dog bit the man.
A dog is a faithful animal.
A dog is a clever animal.
Keep the dog out.
Silk feels soft.
Can you find it?
Look! Two boys are fighting.
Look! The airplane is taking off.
To see is to believe.
Seeing is believing.
He found the door locked.
It's a beautiful job.
A stranger came into the building.
Kenji is a tennis player.
Kenji plays tennis.
I can't find my key.
The key was nowhere to be found.
I'm looking for my key.
I locked myself out.
I'm fine, thank you. And you?
Fine, thank you. And you?
Good luck.
I'm doing fine.
Cheer up!
The chemical symbol H expresses hydrogen.
Harajuku is one of the hottest places in Tokyo.
The atomic bomb is a grave threat to mankind.
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.
Strictly speaking, the bamboo is a kind of grass.
The doorbell is ringing.
Where do you live now?
We live in the atomic age.
What do you think of modern art?
In other words, he betrayed us.
Saying and doing are two different things.
You should be careful what you say.
Easier said than done.
Speech is silver, silence is gold.
Do as you are told.
I like languages.
I am at a loss for words.
You can't separate language from culture.
Keep on swimming up to your limit.
The buying and selling of peoples' personal information is becoming a big issue.
Don't take it personally.
Personally, I don't think it makes any difference who wins the election.
Replace the old tires with new ones.
An antique pot was dug out.
It's an old piano.
I was looking at old pictures.
I have difficulty breathing.
Is he breathing?
You don't have to be so formal.
I have hard stools.
Live and let live.
I heard the door open.
Hold the door.
Open the door and let in the dog.
I looked in the cupboard.
The lake is deep here.
The house by the lake is mine.
The lake was frozen.
A fox came along.
I'll pick you up at your home at five.
The Great Lakes supply drinking water.
Goro had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
Will it rain this afternoon?
I have a lot of things to do this afternoon.
Is there a flight in the morning?
May I ask you to call me back later?
I'll let you know later.
Shall I call you up later?
After us, the Deluge.
Please shut the door behind you.
Look back!
Shadow him.
Let's help each other.
You cannot be serious.
Could I have some more tea?
Bring the water to a boil.
Traffic is a major urban problem.
An accident has happened.
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.
I don't like the traffic.
Light travels faster than sound.
Too much light hurts the eye.
Time flies like an arrow.
There were a lot of young couples in the park.
There are many people in the park.
Are there many trees in the park?
Go to the park.
The grass in the park is green and beautiful.
There is a pond in the middle of the park.
The park was full of people.
Don't swear in public.
Don't speak with your mouth full.
You must not speak with your mouth full.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
Do not talk with your mouth full.
My mouth was dry.
Open your mouth.
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
Shut your mouth.
Here's my account number.
I have bad breath.
You talk too much, he said.
The girl sitting over there is Nancy.
Get away!
Aren't you thirsty?
Whether you like it or not, you'll have to do it.
Do what you like.
Take as many peaches as you like.
Put it where you like.
You may choose what you like.
Who is your favorite singer?
Who is your favorite player?
Read whatever you like.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Luckily nobody got wet.
Fortunately, the weather was good.
Fortunately, no one was hurt.
Fortune smiled on him.
Luckily she did not die.
I wish you the best of luck.
Happiness lies in contentment.
Happiness does not consist simply in wealth.
Who is there but hopes for happiness?
Attack is the best form of defense.
I met her on campus yesterday.
The flood prevented me from crossing the river.
A coin rolled under the desk.
Two teas and a coffee, please.
Put a dash of brandy in my tea.
A cup of tea, please.
How about a cup of tea?
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
You think too much.
I'll remember that.
Think about it.
Ought I to go?
I will go if I must.
I'd like to go.
Go when you want.
Let's go!
Do you have an address?
We have no choice but to go.
Are you ready to go?
Do as I told you.
Leave more space between the lines.
Let's try to read between the lines.
Actions speak louder than words.
What you do is more important than what you say.
The speaker cleared his throat.
I give up.
I would rather die than surrender.
I've been to Hong Kong once.
An expensive car is a status symbol.
Do you know Mr Takahashi?
In the United States, there is a census every ten years.
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
The United States is a republic, the United Kingdom is not.
The United Nations is an international organization.
Black becomes you.
Look at the blackboard.
My back is killing me.
I don't like to eat fish with many bones.
It's quarter to eight now.
Are you free now?
I wish I were in Paris now.
I'm a bit short of money now.
I'm very hungry now.
I'm busy now.
It is snowing now.
Nothing but a miracle can save her now.
I'm too busy to talk to you now.
Stay where you are.
Are you hungry now?
I am learning to play the guitar now.
I have just come here.
I have just read this book.
It's now or never.
I'm on a diet.
He is walking now.
I'm very happy now.
It is going to snow.
You'll see.
Do it when you have time.
Everything is fine so far.
That's enough for now.
I am not the person I used to be.
I have to do my homework.
I don't have much time now.
It's very cold now.
I am on duty now.
I'm short of cash at the moment.
I don't feel like eating now.
Are you busy now?
How many books do you think you have read so far?
I was never so humiliated in my life.
Where have you been all this time?
I've never seen a real cow.
He looks much better now.
He'll be a good husband.
If I were rich, I would go abroad.
We just arrived at the station.
What is popular now?
What are you doing now?
This is the last game.
The last examination was very difficult.
You cannot fail this time.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
We've had a lot of rain this month.
There were two murders this month.
I take back what I said.
In the future, you have to get here on time.
I hope we will be able to keep in touch.
I wish I were young.
We are shorthanded now.
I have been busy this week.
I've eaten a great deal of food this week.
Where have you been this week?
Many improvements have been made since this century began.
Did you have breakfast this morning?
Did you feel the earthquake this morning?
I woke up at five this morning.
I got up at seven this morning.
It is very cold this morning.
I'm feeling good this morning.
I don't feel like going out this morning.
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.
I got a lot of mail this morning.
Did you practice the piano this morning?
Did you feed the dog this morning?
I drank a glass of milk this morning.
The new teacher is more like a friend than a teacher.
I'll try not to make mistakes next time.
I am right for once.
I'll attend the next meeting.
Do you like the new school better?
The next holiday falls on a Sunday.
I'm getting married next Sunday.
Now it's your serve.
Bring your sister next time.
I'll apply for the job today.
Where will you have lunch today?
How are you feeling today?
What is the exchange rate today?
Come to my house this afternoon.
Let's play tennis this afternoon.
Are you free this afternoon?
I don't think it will rain this afternoon.
I have already read today's paper.
Bring me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper, please.
How is the weather today?
His behavior is very odd today.
That's enough for today.
Today we'll study Charles Dickens.
Hello, I am Nancy.
I have no money today.
It's cloudy today.
Let's stop here.
I'm feeling much better today.
I feel much better today.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
I'm lucky today.
Thank you for today.
It is especially hot today.
It is very cold today.
It is very cold today, isn't it?
I was tired today.
It is too cold for a picnic today.
It is terrible weather today.
Let's go Dutch today.
It is likely to rain today.
I think it'll rain today.
It's rainy today.
What are you going to do today?
There is no school today.
It's cold today.
I feel well today.
I feel better today.
Fish is cheap today.
It is Monday today.
You'd better not go today.
Tomorrow is another day.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
I found no job today.
Today is my sixteenth birthday.
I feel like going out today.
It's hot today.
It's hot today, isn't it?
The heat is terrible today.
It's rather cold today.
I have a slight headache today.
I have a slight fever today.
The weather's rather jolly today.
It is sunny today.
There is no wind today.
It's fairly warm today.
Is anyone absent today?
I don't want to see anybody today.
There is much water in the pond today.
It's fine today.
It seems that the store is closed today.
It's Saturday today.
It is cloudy today.
Two students are absent today.
Two boys are absent from school today.
Today is extremely hot.
I am off duty today.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
There's no wind today.
It is windy today.
You don't need to study today.
I am busy today.
It's really cold today.
I'm expecting a customer today.
It's cool today.
Will it rain today?
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
Today I went to the dentist's.
Today's meeting has been canceled.
How many students have been admitted to the school this year?
We haven't had much rain this year.
Christmas falls on Sunday this year.
This winter is warm.
We're expecting a good harvest this year.
We've had a lot of rain this year.
I can't afford a new car this year.
I don't feel like going out tonight.
Let's eat out tonight.
The President is to speak on television this evening.
I am free till 6 o'clock this evening.
I don't feel like watching TV tonight.
I'll be free this evening.
I feel like eating out tonight.
What are you doing tonight?
Thanks for coming over tonight.
Are you free tonight?
Call me this evening.
I'll call him tonight.
Don't phone her now.
I found you.
I have no place to sleep tonight.
Who is going to speak tonight?
I'm free tonight.
How about eating out this evening for a change?
It's raining hard tonight.
The moon is very beautiful this evening.
We have plenty of time tonight.
Will it snow tonight?
I think it'll freeze tonight.
It will cool down tonight.
You can stay till tonight.
I'll be back late tonight.
Are you going to the theater tonight?
I'll ring you up tonight.
I am cooking now.
The trouble is that we are short of money.
The trouble is that it costs too much.
Should you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
The trouble is that my son does not want to go to school.
The trouble is that we have no money.
To avoid confusion, the teams wore different colors.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Mr Sato called at eleven.
Mr Sato speaks English well.
Take the road on the left.
I tried to write with my left hand.
Raise your left hand.
Is there a difference?
We have no sugar.
I need some sugar. Do you have any?
Don't confuse sugar with salt.
Is there any sugar?
Sugar dissolves in water.
Sugar melts in hot water.
Would you like some sugar?
Sugar dissolves in hot coffee.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
Sit down and rest for a while.
Sit down, Kate.
This is a comfortable chair.
I booked a seat.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
The worst is still to come.
The worst is over.
Where is the nearest police station?
Where's the nearest subway station?
Recent comics have too many violent and sexual scenes.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.
I've got little time for reading these days.
Something's wrong with my e-mail.
When did you see him last?
Will you explain the last part in detail?
Let me finish.
The last train has already gone.
I had stage fright at first, but I got over it quickly.
Let's begin at the beginning.
It was Jane who came first.
The first step is always the hardest.
Take the first street to the right.
No one believed me at first.
He was shy at first.
I will do my best.
Let's hope for the best.
Do your best!
The greatest happiness lies in freedom.
Drive with the utmost care.
My wife is always complaining about something.
My wife died of cancer.
My wife looked surprised.
My wife is suffering from pneumonia.
My wife wanted to adopt a child.
Germs can cause sickness.
The judge condemned him to death.
What's the material?
The wages of sin is death.
The property was divided equally among the heirs.
The financial situation is getting worse week by week.
My wallet and passport are missing.
Which of the composers do you like best?
Did you work yesterday?
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
He didn't come back to the base yesterday.
She came across Jack yesterday.
You played tennis yesterday.
How many eggs could you get yesterday?
I had some engine trouble yesterday.
It has been raining since yesterday.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
I met Ken yesterday.
I ought to have written the letter yesterday.
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday.
Yesterday a truck hit this wall.
Did you take part in the discussion yesterday?
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?
It was very cold yesterday morning.
I had a good time last evening.
The dream of yesterday is the hope of today.
Where were you last night?
It rained hard yesterday.
I slept all day yesterday.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
I was very busy yesterday.
We had nice weather yesterday.
I worked hard all day long yesterday.
Did you have a good time yesterday?
It was cold yesterday.
I missed you very much yesterday.
It was colder yesterday than today.
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday.
I wrote a lot in my diary yesterday.
It was hot yesterday.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
It was Sunday yesterday.
Yesterday was my birthday.
I didn't dream last night.
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.
I borrowed the dictionary from my friend.
Yesterday I had my bicycle stolen.
Did you mail the letter yesterday or today?
We had an earthquake last night.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I bought it yesterday.
Did you call him up yesterday?
His bag was stolen yesterday.
Yesterday he came back late.
A sad accident took place yesterday.
I went to the hospital yesterday.
I bought a book yesterday.
You should have come yesterday.
Steel production reached an estimated 100 million tons last year.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
There were a lot of murders last year.
We have not heard from him since last year.
Last year, I saw at least fifty films.
My car was stolen last night.
I was very tired last night.
We had a heavy rain last night.
I drank beer last night.
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television.
What happened last night?
Did you feel an earthquake last night?
Did you watch TV last night?
I couldn't sleep well last night.
It was raining last night.
It was hot last night.
I slept well last night.
The cherry trees are in full blossom.
Someone stole my wallet.
I will send a letter to my brother who lives in Sapporo.
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.
The motive for the murder is not yet known.
I usually do the dishes.
It will become much warmer in March.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
I have lost my umbrella.
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
The mountain was covered with snow.
I feel like taking a walk.
How about taking a walk?
May I go out for a walk?
I took a walk.
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.
You cannot burn anything without oxygen.
Oxygen and hydrogen make water.
Please bring the others.
Sorry, but I have to work tonight.
I regret to inform you that your application has been refused.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
I'm afraid so.
Please don't distract me from my work.
My work is almost finished.
I am through with my work.
How's work?
Are you working?
I don't feel like working; what about going to a cinema instead?
I wish I didn't have to work.
Go ahead with your work.
I'm looking for a job.
Your family should come before your career.
The priest blessed the newly built church.
It's April first.
What time does the first train leave?
Say hello to your sister for me.
Follow the example of your sister.
My sister Susan gets up early every morning.
My sister always keeps her room clean.
My sister has a nice piano.
My sister works at the United States Embassy in London.
My sister likes sweets.
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.
My sister works in a bank as a secretary.
My sister was a beautiful woman.
You should set a good example to your children.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
Some children are playing on the grass.
One of the children left the door open.
I am thinking about my children.
The children already went to school.
How are the kids?
Children are full of energy.
The children were sliding on the ice.
The children are building sand castles on the beach.
Children like climbing trees.
Don't make fun of children.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
Even a child can do it.
A child needs love.
We have known each other since childhood.
When I was a child, I could sleep anywhere.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
As a child, Bob lived in Boston.
My mother died when I was a kid.
I don't know how to handle children.
As a child I learned lots of poems by heart.
Children grow up so quickly.
Children need loving.
Children often hate spinach.
It's time for children to go to bed.
My baby has a hereditary disease.
How many kids do you have?
Children should play outside.
The child threw a stone at the dog.
Children imitate their friends rather than their parents.
The child threw a stone at the cat.
Children are poor men's riches.
The child missed his mother very much.
Children are to obey their parents.
Don't spoil your child.
Can you put the children to bed?
I recall less and less of my childhood.
One of the children is studying, but the others are playing.
The children exchanged presents at the Christmas party.
The children went out to play.
The children were flying kites.
The kids are asleep.
The thunder scared the children.
The lamb was killed by the wolf.
The market rallied.
The mayor addressed a large audience.
I'll show you around the city.
I will show you around the city.
I'd like a map of the city.
Are there any tours of the city?
I'd like a city map.
The city hall is just around the corner.
It is easier than I thought.
Thoughts are expressed by means of words.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
Thought is free.
The ring was not to be found anywhere.
Stop, or I'll shoot.
Please don't die!
I am afraid of dying.
I'm dying to see you.
Before he died, he was almost blind.
I wish I was dead.
Dead?
Do your very best.
I cooked dinner.
Are there any letters for me?
Have any letters arrived for me?
He loves you as much as I do.
Please don't get angry if I criticize.
My name is Edgar Degas.
Can you help me wash these dishes?
There is no reason why I shouldn't do it.
It has been just a week since I arrived in New York.
It was when I was thirteen that I fell in love with a girl for the first time.
This isn't exactly what I wanted.
I will warn him.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
The reason why I got a bad grade is that I did not study.
The train was on the point of leaving when I got to the station.
Do you have to make a speech?
I wish I were a millionaire.
I will take care of the flowers.
I'll show you that I am right.
Ken was reading when I came home.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
When I returned home, my brother was doing his homework.
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.
It began to rain before I got home.
I wish I were as young as you.
I hoped that I would marry while my mother was still alive.
My father was still at home when I left.
I'll get it.
I owe my success to him.
It turned out that I was right.
It has been two months since my arrival in Tokyo.
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
Is there any room for me?
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.
I'll show you the car I've just bought.
When I got to his house, he had already been taken away.
When I visited their apartment, the couple was right in the middle of an argument.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
I will explain it to her.
I wrote the song for her.
I am far from sad.
That's not what I heard.
It is Paris that I want to visit.
Raise your hand when I call your name.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
Wait here till I return.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
I'm still waiting for my order.
Be quiet while I'm speaking.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
Don't interrupt me while I am talking.
I cannot approve the project.
I read it to my family.
Nobody was hungry except me.
We're worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
We are all anxious about your health.
It was easy for us to find Jane.
We married seven years ago.
Do you remember the day when we first met?
It's important for us to think about the future of the world.
It was not easy for us to find his house.
There are a lot of problems we can't avoid.
We had a little water.
We have no secrets from each other.
Sing us a song, please.
Our first lesson today is English.
Our class has twenty-five boys and twenty girls.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
Welcome to our home.
Our school encourages sports.
The principal of our school is an American.
Our school library has many books.
Our school is 80 years old.
There are more girls than boys in our school.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
Our train went through a long tunnel.
We call our dog Pochi.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
It's time to leave.
Our plane was about thirty minutes late.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
I do not know the woman talking to our teacher.
Our teacher looks young for her age.
Our existence is a miracle in itself.
None of us are against his idea.
There are many parks in our town.
There is a library in our city.
Our plane is flying over the clouds.
Our plane took off exactly at 6 p.m.
It seems that our sense of direction is not always reliable.
What is that big building in front of us?
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
We buy CDs.
We are doctors.
We study music.
We must cut down our expenses.
We like children.
We try.
We are human.
We learned that the earth goes around the sun.
We are his sons.
We feed our dog three times a day.
We own a dog and a cat.
We had a short vacation in February.
Both of us are from Tampa.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
We have to be at work by nine.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
We are not Americans.
When will we get there?
We will be together forever.
We'll always be friends.
We sat round the fire.
We associate Egypt with the Nile.
We are Australians.
We love each other.
We looked at each other.
We are hungry.
We played soccer yesterday.
We talked about yesterday's test.
We played baseball yesterday.
We have no school today.
We're classmates.
We eat soup with a spoon.
We listened to her for some time.
Having walked for some time, we came to the lake.
We haven't seen each other for such a long time.
We went to the mountain to ski.
I telephoned her at once.
We had an oral exam.
We want to learn some Spanish songs.
We have consumed all the natural resources.
We have a lot of work to do.
We will take part in the marathon.
We painted the house green.
We had to learn the poem by heart.
We won the match.
We were surprised to hear the news.
We played on the beach.
We considered the report as false.
We had a good time playing chess.
I finally found the solution to the problem.
We are watching TV.
We painted the door green.
We were very tired.
We have made friends with Tom.
We have to defend our country at any cost.
We go to school by bus.
We cry when we are very sad.
We were all present at the party.
We all make mistakes.
We are all convinced of his innocence.
We need to study more.
We used to talk about our future.
We listen to the radio.
We ate some apples.
We will reach London before dark.
We used to live in Kobe.
We're in the same boat.
We are going to the movies. Come with us.
We enjoyed swimming.
We live close to the station.
We need something to eat.
We lack nothing.
We are all born mad.
We all agree with you.
We go to school to learn.
We learn English at school.
We must go to school.
We are students.
We must try to protect the environment.
We were in a hurry.
We climbed a sharp slope.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
We looked at the sky, but couldn't see any stars.
We met her by accident.
We are accustomed to wearing shoes.
We have the same problems as you.
We are brother and sister.
We are busy preparing for our wedding and honeymoon.
We see what we expect to see.
We have walked all around the lake.
We were studying all afternoon.
We took a walk in the park.
We criticized her for her behavior.
We study many subjects in high school.
We have to act now.
We are at home today.
We were able to catch the last train.
We played a baseball game yesterday.
We want to have a large family.
We lost the game.
We have plenty of time.
Will we arrive on time?
We go fishing once in a while.
We hear with our ears.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
We invited ten couples to the party.
We require much sleep.
We have to get as much information as possible.
We saw a boy run over by a truck.
We laughed and laughed.
We need fresh air.
We believe in God.
We must separate politics from religion.
We arrived there before noon.
We did our best to help him, but he didn't so much as say thank you.
We must pay the tax.
We were very busy last week.
We enjoyed swimming in the river.
We walked along the river.
We were all tired.
We must leave early.
We use a lot of water every day.
We live near a big library.
We live in a big city.
We live on the earth.
We took a taxi so as not to be late.
We received instructions on how to make a bamboo basket.
We watched TV after lunch.
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
We were waiting for him for a long time.
We saw the monkey at the zoo.
We go to the same school.
We're the same age.
We are becoming very aware of the dangers of secondhand smoke.
We speak Japanese.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
We often play cards on Sunday.
We have a cat and a dog.
We showed him some pictures of London.
We accepted his invitation.
We could not but admire his courage.
We lost sight of him.
We regard him as our hero.
We saw her enter the room.
We elected her captain of our team.
We have known her for years.
We usually sleep in this room.
We visited our father's grave.
We live in peace.
We cultivate rice.
We walked to the river.
We traveled on foot.
We abhor violence.
We play football every Saturday.
We take a bath every day.
We got lost in the fog.
We'll visit you tomorrow.
We are going to have a meeting here tomorrow.
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.
We talked until two.
We got up at dawn.
We got ready.
We are good friends.
All of us like her.
Each of us has his own hobby.
That's really stupid.
I'm easygoing.
You and I have something in common.
We have two daughters.
We are doing business with many countries.
Sing a song with me.
Why don't you come with me?
Would you mind coming with me?
Love me, love my dog.
Would you be so kind as to lend me your book?
Can you lend me some money?
Don't ask me for money.
Please give me this pen.
Play Chopin for me.
Will you show me the book?
As for me, I am satisfied.
Read after me.
I don't have any sisters.
For me, time is not money.
I have two brothers and one sister.
I have two brothers.
I have three cousins.
I have five sons. Two of them are engineers, another is a teacher and the others are students.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
I have no time to help you with the work.
I have a friend who lives in England.
I am pretty sure.
This problem is difficult for me to solve.
It's all Greek to me.
I have no friend with whom to talk about it.
I have not had a chance to see that movie.
I have another sister.
I have a friend living in London.
I don't have a single enemy.
I have nothing to say.
I have a family.
I have two foreign friends.
I have no money with me.
You are everything to me.
I can't afford such a good camera as yours.
I don't have any brothers.
I have no time.
I have neither time nor money.
I have nothing to write.
I can't afford to buy a new car.
You may as well tell me the truth.
I have three brothers.
I've got one brother and two sisters.
I have two sons; one is in Tokyo, and the other in Nagoya.
It seems to me that he is honest.
I didn't know what to say to him.
I owe him a debt.
I am responsible for her protection.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
I have a cousin who is a lawyer.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
I have no friend to talk with.
Give me a glass of milk.
Give me some milk, too.
Give me the same, please.
How could I resist?
Can I do anything?
Guess what happened to me.
Please tell me your name.
My dog was taken care of by Lucy.
Don't answer me back.
My sister got engaged.
My bike was stolen yesterday.
Don't forget to write to me.
Let me repair it.
Follow me.
Give me a few.
Bring me a glass of water.
I don't like the way he speaks to me.
Don't yell at me.
He made me a suit.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
It's on me.
My grandfather gets up early.
My grandfather is a carpenter.
My uncle gave him a present.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
My uncle died of cancer.
My uncle works in this office.
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
My uncle has a good knowledge of French.
My uncle lives in an apartment.
My uncle lives in London.
My grandmother was a farmer.
My aunt gave me a book for Christmas.
My aunt inherited the huge estate.
My favorite flavor is chocolate.
My mother is beautiful.
My girlfriend is a good dancer.
My canary was killed by a cat.
My camera is different from yours.
My camera is a Nikon.
My camera is waterproof.
I owe what I am today to my uncle.
Do you remember me?
My shirt isn't dry yet.
My skirt is too long.
I sat by his side.
This is all I can do.
My watch needs mending.
Would you like to come to my party?
Bring me my glasses.
My robot's name is Multi.
My opinion is different from yours.
My opinion is entirely different from yours.
My opinion is contrary to yours.
I think otherwise.
My driver's license will expire next week.
Will you help me with my English homework?
My English teacher advised me to read these books.
I assure you of my support.
My house is covered by insurance.
My house is fully insured.
The roof of my house is red.
There's a church behind my house.
My house is near the station.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
My house faces the sea.
My house is old and ugly.
My house is big.
My house has a small yard.
My house is built of wood.
My family is not very large.
I have a large family.
My family goes to Italy every year.
My suitcase is broken.
My cough is getting worse.
My town is not what it used to be.
There is a big park near my school.
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
Please interpret my strange dreams.
My desk is old.
They are cousins, if I remember rightly.
My legs still hurt.
My salary doesn't allow us to live extravagantly.
I can't find my shoes.
My shoes want repairing.
He is my brother.
But for my brother's help, I would have drowned.
Both of my brothers are married.
My brother plays the guitar.
My brother has a taste for music.
My brother is healthy.
My brother lives in Tokyo.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
My brother works in a bank.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
My plan was rejected.
My plan is to buy a car.
My conjunctivitis is chronic.
My dog is wagging his tail.
Don't worry about my dog.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
My dog has a long tail.
My dog is white.
My dogs are white.
What I want to say is this.
Please answer me.
Listen to me carefully, and you will understand what I really mean.
I mean it.
I heard a noise behind me.
Repeat after me.
In my opinion, you are wrong.
My idea went against his.
My behavior was very odd.
My country is far away from Japan.
My left arm is asleep.
My wife really hates cats.
My wife is a poor driver.
My wife is Chinese.
My wife is anything but a good cook.
My job is teaching English.
My work is finished.
My sister has a piano.
My sister has a sweet tooth.
My sister is shorter than you.
My sister is married.
My sister married her high school classmate.
My sister is a good swimmer.
My sister is engaged to him.
It is said that my sister is beautiful.
My sister usually walks to school.
My sister takes a shower every morning.
My sister plays the piano every day.
My child dislikes the dentist.
My children really like animals.
One of my teeth hurts.
My business is prospering.
My office is on the fifth floor.
My watch has been stolen.
It's four o'clock by my watch.
My watch loses two minutes a day.
My watch loses three minutes a day.
My watch is very accurate.
My watch is broken.
My watch is more accurate than yours.
My watch needs to be repaired.
My watch needs repairing.
Something is wrong with my watch.
My watch is waterproof.
I had my watch mended.
You can use my bicycle.
Something has happened to my car.
My car is being repaired.
My dictionary is very useful.
There was no response to my question.
Please answer my question.
Answer me.
Let's go for a ride in my car.
My car is a Toyota.
My car is at your disposal.
My car is German.
There is something wrong with my car.
Where is my car?
My car won't start.
It was that dog that bit my hand.
My hobby is playing the guitar.
My hobby is collecting coins.
My hobby is playing golf.
My hobby is music.
My tastes differ greatly from yours.
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
My hobby is reading novels.
My hobby is collecting stamps.
My hobby is shopping.
Please write down my address.
My uncle has three children.
My uncle died of cancer two years ago.
My uncle lives in New York.
My uncle is a veteran of the Vietnam War.
My uncle comes back from America next Monday.
My aunt looks young.
My aunt is older than my mother.
My study is upstairs.
My baby brother sleeps ten hours a day.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
My heart was filled with sorrow.
My heart stopped beating.
My new Alfa Romeo convertible is light red.
My best friend always gives me good advice.
I'll tell you my story.
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
I owe my success to my friend.
Where is my seat?
My explanation may sound strange.
My explanation was not sufficient.
My grandfather's picture is on the wall.
My grandfather died when I was a boy.
My grandfather was born in 1920.
My grandfather was a soldier during the war.
My grandfather takes a walk every morning.
My grandmother lives in the country.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
My son still believes in Santa Claus.
My son wants to be a professional golfer.
My son can neither read nor write yet.
My son thinks women are stronger than men.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
I weigh about 60 kilos.
My university has a dorm.
My birthday is in November.
My birthday is on March 22.
My birthday falls on Friday this year.
My birthday falls on Sunday.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
Take my advice!
My brother seldom, if ever, goes to church.
My brother is a first-year student.
My brother speaks very fast.
My brother doesn't swim.
Can you guess my age?
How dare you speak about my husband in that disgusting way!
My husband is a very good cook.
When my father came home, I was studying.
My father has been dead for ten years.
My father's car is very nice.
My father was born in Matsuyama in 1941.
My father has been in hospital for two months.
My father is fifty years old.
My father died of cancer.
My father has many books.
My father swims very well.
My father is too old to work.
My father likes pizza very much.
My father is a doctor.
My father is a teacher of English.
My father stopped smoking.
My father doesn't like music.
My father is not a teacher but a doctor.
My father works for a bank.
My father sometimes goes abroad.
My father goes to work by bike.
My father is a teacher.
My father is young.
My father drives a very old car.
My father is busy.
My father was busy.
My father reads the newspaper every morning.
My father drinks daily.
There are many books in my room.
There is a television in my room.
Don't come into my room.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
My room is three times as large as yours.
My room is twice as big as his.
Mine is not so good as yours.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
My mother cleans the room.
I helped my mother with the cooking.
My mother was in the hospital during the summer.
My mother always gets up early in the morning.
My mother is always busy.
My mother is on a diet.
My mother often suffers from headaches.
My mother does not speak English.
My mother loves music.
My mother doesn't like my watching TV.
My mother has good handwriting.
My mother is indifferent to politics.
My mother looks young for her age.
My mother is a very good cook.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
I am taller.
My wish is to go to Switzerland.
Where's my book?
My sister resembles my grandmother.
My sister is pretty.
My sister has become a good pianist.
My sister lives near Yokohama.
My sister will be thirteen years old next summer.
My sister washes her hair every morning.
My sister is famous.
My sister will go to Tokyo next year.
My dream comes true.
My dream is to travel in a space shuttle.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
My dream is to be a doctor.
My dream has come true.
My dream is to study abroad.
My daughter is to get married in June.
My daughter is a tomboy.
My daughter wants a piano.
My name is known to everybody in my school.
I heard my name called.
My name is Yamada.
My alarm clock didn't go off this morning.
My aim is to be a doctor.
I am sorry that my friend is not here.
My friend was arrested for speeding.
My friend died from a wound.
My dream went up in smoke.
My mother died during my absence.
Did anyone call me while I was out?
Did anyone come in my absence?
My conscience is clear.
My arm still hurts.
He caught me by the arm.
I was born in Kyoto in 1980.
I know the man you came with.
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.
I'm sick of this hot weather.
I didn't like beer at that time.
I was in Canada then.
I had never seen a panda till that time.
I recommend it strongly.
I have to find it.
I can't eat or drink very hot things.
I'm very tired.
I made this kennel by myself.
I would rather have a coffee.
I stopped listening to the radio.
I made that dress by myself.
I'm learning music.
I don't like summer.
I want you to stay here with her.
I never agree with him.
I am 30 years old now.
I played soccer yesterday.
I have a car.
I don't want to go bald when I'm still young.
I like spring the best.
I have at least ten books.
I like castles.
I ordered new furniture.
I am human.
I am a student.
I went fishing last Monday.
I lost my camera the other day.
I'm used to getting up early.
I can only tell you what I know.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
I went to Nagasaki.
I believe him to be innocent.
I may have hurt his feelings.
I'm waiting for his telephone call.
I am going to America by plane.
I usually eat out.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
I sometimes dream of my mother.
I work for a travel agency.
I like the cold.
"I have seen ""Star Wars"" twice."
I read The New York Times.
My name is Hisashi.
I go to bed about ten.
I lived abroad for ten years.
I waited for ten minutes.
I was born on the 31st of May in 1940.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I was born in 1960.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
I was born in Tokyo in 1968.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
I was born in Osaka on March 5, 1977.
I was born in Osaka in 1977.
I was born in 1979.
I have been in Kobe since 1980.
I have lived in Tokyo since 1985.
I have lived here since 1990.
I saw her a week ago.
I live in this house by myself.
I cannot carry this suitcase by myself.
I'm old enough to live by myself.
I like to travel alone.
I feed my dog twice a day.
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
I waited for him all day long.
I was chained to the desk all day.
I play tennis all the year around.
I saw a black cat run into the house.
I can type 50 words a minute.
I don't have any pens.
I have a few pens.
I have memorized 2,000 English words.
I have turned 20.
I live in a two story house.
I will never make such a mistake again.
I've been to Paris twice.
I have been studying German for two years.
I quit smoking two years ago.
I lived in Sasayama two years ago.
I have lived here for thirty years.
I can run the fastest of the three.
I intend to stay in Nagoya for three days.
I met a friend whom I had not seen for three years.
I have been in Japan for three years.
I first met him three years ago.
I met her by accident on Third Avenue.
I'll call back at four o'clock.
I have to finish the work by four o'clock.
I started doing this work 4 years ago.
I will be sixteen in May.
I arrived here about five o'clock.
I got up about five.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
I am the fifth-youngest child.
I'll stay there till six o'clock.
I'll come home by six o'clock.
I'll be back at seven o'clock.
I got home at seven.
I had breakfast at 7:30.
I study from eight to eleven.
I ate breakfast at eight.
I got married 8 years ago.
I'll be sixteen in September.
I will finish my homework by nine.
I slept nine hours.
I had to choose between A and B.
I have seen a UFO.
I leave for Paris tomorrow.
I want to eat apple pie.
I know that you live here.
I know where you live.
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
I am glad that you have helped me.
I know that you are a teacher.
I don't know whether you are telling the truth or not.
I disagree with you.
I wish I had been there with you.
I'm as tall as you.
I will accompany you.
I'd like to dance with you.
I want to talk to you.
I don't have anything to give to you.
I'm twice your age.
I don't understand you at all.
I'm older than your brother.
I want to see your mother.
I am afraid your plan will not work.
I am convinced of your innocence.
I do not understand you.
I'll never forget your kindness.
I want to get a satisfactory explanation for your conduct.
I want to know more about your country.
I can not answer your question.
I want to help you with your homework.
I am badly in need of your help.
I wanted to go back to your village.
I'll be your first patient.
I envy you your beauty.
I found your cap.
I met your friend.
I can't run as fast as you.
I'm three years younger than you.
I am shorter than you.
I will protect you from danger.
I look on you as my best friend.
I would like to visit you.
I have been looking for you.
I'm looking for you.
I know you.
I don't know you.
I won't leave you behind.
I like to shop at that department store.
I want a picture of that dog.
I have seen that girl before.
I live in an apartment.
I don't like cheese very much.
I am too tired to run.
I don't drink much wine.
I was born in America.
I had to go to America.
I would like to go to the USA.
He wants to go to America.
I like reading American novels.
I have been to the U.S. twice.
I have never been to the States.
I love American movies.
I'm from America.
I am an American.
I'd like to prolong my stay in America.
I'm looking for an old man.
I ran away in a hurry.
I made Ann a doll.
I have a friend in England.
I ordered several books from England.
I visited many parts of England.
I'd like to play tennis with you some day.
I want to go to America someday.
I always try to tell the truth.
I usually get up at six.
I got up early as usual.
I usually go to school by bus.
I got up earlier than usual.
I go to the country every summer.
I respect those who always do their best.
I'm always forgetting people's names.
I was always good at math.
I don't always get up early.
I bought many types of cloth.
I read all kinds of books.
I was on a trip to India.
I was in bed with the flu.
I was abducted by aliens.
I have a big dog.
I'm saving up so that I can go to Australia.
I want to travel to Australia.
I'm from Australia.
I've been to Australia three times.
I come from Australia.
I've never been to my uncle's house.
I stayed with my uncle.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up.
I was hungry and angry.
I like funny movies better.
I live next door to the toy shop.
I prefer grapefruits to oranges.
I do not have any money.
I know that money isn't everything.
I have hardly any money with me.
I'm short of money.
I've lost all my money.
I had my money stolen.
I'm not going to waste my money.
I like tea.
I ordered two teas and three coffees.
I am taking a bath now.
I want to play cards.
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
I find myself in a rather delicate situation.
I have two cameras.
I lost my camera.
I had my camera stolen.
I have a pretty dog.
I can play the guitar.
I want to play the guitar.
I am sure of winning the tennis match.
I got a letter from an old friend yesterday.
I had a toothache yesterday.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
I never saw a giraffe.
I don't like classical music.
I like Kevin Nash.
I like cake.
I saw Bob this morning.
I gave my vote to Ken.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
I had two cups of coffee.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I was asked to wait here.
I want to stay here longer.
I want to stay here.
I have just arrived here.
I have been living here for three years.
I have lived here.
I'm going to stay here for several days.
I am a cook.
I am a stranger here.
I can't agree with you on this matter.
I feel very lonely these days.
I prefer that dress to this one.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
I like the atmosphere of this restaurant.
I am a student of this school.
I don't like this type of house.
I am against this project.
I am not liked by this dog.
I don't know what this word means.
I am very busy these days.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
I bought this watch at the store.
I want to mend this watch.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
I went to the park last Sunday.
I didn't go out last Sunday.
I have to look after this cat.
I have many coins in this box.
I want to let this room to a student.
I bought this dress at a low price.
I don't know this neighborhood too well.
I don't like this hat.
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
I found this book very difficult.
I want to read this book.
I have read this book before.
I have enough money to buy this book.
I saw the whole accident with my own eyes.
I love comedies.
I've lost interest in golf.
I like playing golf.
I've never played golf.
I've never seen a yellow submarine in my life.
I don't like any of these records.
I made these boxes myself.
I haven't read all of these books.
I regret having done such a thing.
I don't know much about computers.
I am interested in computers.
I have a computer.
I am fond of soccer, rugby, football, and so on.
I love watching soccer games.
I'm finishing my homework.
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.
I often ski.
I have often been there.
I excused myself for a minute.
I wrote a letter to Jim.
I want some potatoes.
I like jazz music.
I want to join Joe's group.
I play Chopin.
I can play Chopin.
I know that John is honest.
I am called John.
I made John happy.
I like skiing.
I like skiing very much.
I'm able to ski.
I want to learn how to ski.
I'll come back soon.
I went skating on the lake.
I was not a bit tired.
I have been busy.
I have already finished the job.
I am already prepared.
I have already done my work.
I want to be a sport reporter.
I bought two pairs of trousers.
I saw a strange woman there.
I regret going there.
I know none of the three men.
I confessed to stealing the money.
I don't like the coffee.
I know it very well.
I didn't know that.
I'm in the tennis club.
I will not attend the party.
I filled the bucket with water.
I saw the movie five times.
I have seen that film long ago.
I want to see the movie.
I could not sleep because of the noise.
I like the singer's voice, too.
I don't know all of the students.
I cannot stand the cold.
I cut the article out of the magazine.
I looked for the key.
I don't know how to spell the word.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
I can see the top of the mountain.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
I intended to have finished the work.
I had to look after the children.
I wrote my name on the paper.
I know the poem by heart.
I saw the match on television.
I had nothing to do with the accident.
I know the facts well enough.
I am aware of the fact.
I was watching TV then.
I have not seen him since then.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
I was able to answer the question.
I thought the questions were easy.
I looked at the picture.
I asked her to make four copies of the letter.
I didn't know that woman at all.
I spoke to the actress herself.
I know both of the girls.
I know the girl.
I don't know what has become of the boy.
I know the boy.
I was able to swim across the river.
I must open the window.
I can open the window.
I can't put up with the noise any longer.
I remember the word.
I saw the man jump.
I saw the man enter the room.
I stared at the man.
I am glad to hear the news.
I am acquainted with the author.
I know the name of this animal.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I want to read the book.
I skipped the first few pages of the book.
I bought the book for ten dollars.
I read the book from cover to cover.
I have just finished reading the book.
I should read the book.
I had two copies of the book.
I have no money to buy the book with.
I refuse to discuss the question.
I am well acquainted with the subject.
I was able to solve the problem.
I found out how to solve the problem.
I attempted to solve the problem.
I have to solve the problem myself.
I want to know the reason.
I got off the train.
I know the whole of the story.
I could recite the story by heart.
I can do it.
I don't know if it is true.
I think it true.
I have nothing to do with it.
I am not certain about that.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I didn't realize the difference between them.
I ordered those books from Germany.
I bought it for ten dollars.
I would rather die than do it.
I use it.
I saw it with my own eyes.
I must get it fixed.
I gave it to the little boy.
I have several dozens of them.
I don't know that.
I studied it thoroughly.
I bought it.
I forgot it.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
I usually go home at four.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I generally walk to school.
I have a lot of cameras.
I have a lot of things to do.
I have many books.
I have a lot of pictures.
I got out of the taxi.
I have but one wish.
I smoke cigarettes.
I stopped smoking.
I often get a letter from him.
I accused him of cheating.
I am beginning to remember it.
I saw a little boy running.
I beat him at chess.
I have an interest in cello and piano.
I am just going for a walk.
I have just finished my work.
I like chocolate.
He ate a box of chocolates.
I am very tired from the hard work.
I hid under the table.
I want some beautiful flowers to put on the table.
I will write letters to you as often as I can.
I like tennis.
I'm good at tennis.
I play tennis.
I am going to play tennis.
I can't afford to play tennis.
I like to watch TV.
I'd like to watch TV.
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
I'm tired of watching television.
I prefer reading books to watching television.
I'm tired of watching TV.
I can't make myself understood in German.
I learned French instead of German.
I managed to catch the last train.
I don't know how to swim.
I get depressed at times.
I don't know where to wait for her.
Where am I?
I never go anywhere.
I don't want to go any place.
Wherever I may go, I will get lost.
I'll follow you wherever you go.
Either way's fine with me.
I like both.
I'm very thirsty.
I'm very happy.
I felt very happy.
I'm lonely.
I am very tall.
I found Tony.
I liked Tony.
I asked Tony a question.
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.
I asked Tom to close the door.
I asked Tom to play the guitar.
I asked Tom to open the window.
I want a Toyota.
I sharpened a pencil with a knife.
I cut myself with a knife.
I cut my finger with a knife.
I don't believe Naomi. I think she's lying.
I want to eat something good.
I'd like to live in New York.
I know every inch of New York.
I would like to visit New York.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I was at the party.
I went hiking.
I don't go to school by bus.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
I'm waiting for the bus.
I have been in Paris.
I keep my hammer in the toolbox.
I prefer rice to bread.
I'm a baker.
I like the sound of the piano.
I'd like to read some books about the Beatles.
I pigged out on pizza.
I have a bad cold.
I traveled by myself.
I don't like to swim in the pool.
I usually keep a diary when I travel.
I played football.
I come from Brazil.
I love French films.
I can't speak French.
I can't make myself understood in French.
I am very interested in French.
I don't know any French.
I want to learn French.
I want to study French.
I can speak French.
I hid myself under the bed.
I'm Helen Cartwright's daughter.
I have a pen.
I'm looking for my pen.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I have lost my pen.
I thrust my hand into my pocket.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
I canceled my hotel reservation.
I get up at six almost every day.
I take a bath almost every day.
I see the dog almost every day.
I am friends with Mike.
I have not been to New Zealand.
I'm happy to see you again.
I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I have not eaten breakfast yet.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
I've never gotten on a plane yet.
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I'm still busy.
I found the key underneath the mat.
I hope to see you again before long.
I soon got accustomed to speaking in public.
I talk as if I knew everything.
I was drinking milk.
I was laughed at by everyone.
I thanked Mary for her help.
I cannot read without glasses.
I've broken my glasses.
Rarely do I listen to the radio.
I am going to be fourteen.
I have another friend in China.
I've already eaten breakfast.
I must be going now.
I am no longer a child.
I have already written a letter.
I almost dropped the plates.
I don't want to eat any more.
I have already had my breakfast.
I will never see him.
I am no longer tired.
I have already finished dinner.
I got lost in the forest.
I finally escaped.
I was forced to go.
I was forced to take medicine.
I like having plenty to do.
I've got too much to do.
I hit on a good idea.
I decided not to go to Europe.
I often remember my happy childhood.
I often think of my dead mother.
I often catch cold.
I go to bed late at night.
I was surprised to see a lion.
I heard it on the radio.
I turned off the radio.
I would like to read some books about Lincoln.
I don't like apples.
I like oranges better than apples.
I like to eat apples.
I like bananas more than apples.
I love rock.
I met her in London for the first time.
I have been to London twice.
I'd like to go to London.
I have a feeling that I have been here before.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
I've been to Sapporo before.
I have met him before.
I'm a doctor.
I am not a doctor, but a teacher.
I bought a book.
I like being alone.
I can do it by myself.
Do you think I should go alone?
I have one brother.
I am accustomed to living alone.
I am accustomed to working hard.
I have never been to America.
I have never been to Europe.
I go to the restaurant every 2 days.
I stayed home all day.
I was wearing my best clothes.
I will accomplish my purpose step by step.
I just moved.
I don't want anything to drink.
I broke my right leg.
I will go even if it rains.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I don't mind walking in the rain.
I was lucky.
I want to fly above the clouds.
I'm a salesman.
I want to live forever.
I want to learn how to swim.
I like to swim.
I am interested in swimming.
I'm able to swim.
I can swim.
I don't understand English.
I like English, but I cannot speak well.
I like English very much.
I am able to read English.
I couldn't make myself understood well in English.
I'm afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
I wrote a letter in English.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
I intend to devote a few hours a day to the study of English.
I have some English books.
I have a few English books.
I can teach English.
I can read English, but I can't speak it.
I study English.
I want to be able to speak English.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
I bumped into him at the station.
I am near the station.
I went to the station.
I got off at the wrong station.
I stopped smoking and drinking.
I live in Yokohama.
I love the sound of rain on the roof.
I painted the roof light blue.
I like music, particularly classical music.
I like music very much.
I do not like music.
I talked about music.
I am interested in music.
I often study while listening to music.
I like listening to music.
I want to eat something.
I want to buy something to eat.
I can hear something.
I had to do everything alone.
I prefer working to doing nothing.
I can't do anything.
I saw nothing.
I know what to do.
I don't know what time it is.
I went there dozens of times.
I tried again and again.
I study English at home.
I have to stay home.
I will stay at home.
I went home.
I have my own bedroom at home.
I am in the house.
I'm looking for a house.
I have abandoned the idea of buying a house.
I read your letter to my family.
I am the first musician in my family.
I like to sing.
I like singing.
I'm good at singing.
I like to sing songs.
I am watering the flowers.
I am allergic to pollen.
I'll attend the meeting.
I spent my vacation at the beach.
I can't draw, but my sister is a great artist.
I have many friends in foreign countries.
I am learning two foreign languages.
I was going out, when the telephone rang.
I go to school because I want to learn.
I study hard at school.
I arrived at school on time.
I apologized for having been late for school.
I met him on my way to school.
I am a student, but he isn't.
I received a good job offer.
I don't like spoiled children.
I have a sweet tooth.
I'm a nurse.
I want to be a nurse.
I have a tourist visa.
I do not like to make mistakes.
I might be wrong.
I can read without glasses.
I'm feeling kind of tired.
I'm not going back.
May I go home?
I have to go home.
I'm feeling sick.
I want to be an engineer.
I am not as busy as Yoshio.
I had a cup of coffee at the coffee shop.
As I was in a hurry, I had to take a taxi.
I finished my lunch quickly.
I prefer mutton to beef.
I must buy some milk.
I have lived in Kobe since last year.
I didn't see a doctor last year.
I graduated from university last year.
I came to Japan last year.
I like fish.
I was born in Kyoto.
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto.
I am going to stay with my aunt in Kyoto.
I will visit Kyoto.
I graduated from Kyoto University.
I regret becoming a teacher.
I'm a teacher.
I am a professor.
I tried to learn the melody by heart.
I'm giving up smoking.
I have several silver coins.
I have to go to the bank.
I'm going to the bank.
I have no faith in a silly superstition.
I was foolish enough to believe it.
I met a friend of mine at the airport.
I am a hungry spider.
I found the book by chance.
I am afraid of bears.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
I agree with you.
I want to ask a favor of you.
How much do I owe you?
I'd like you to go there.
I may have told you such a thing, but I don't remember it at all.
I want you to see her.
I know your brother very well.
I know your father.
I like you very much.
I like your car.
I need your help.
I agree to your proposal.
I'll do whatever I can to help you.
I went to the movies with my brother.
I'm proud of my brother.
I like light shoes.
I never give up.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
I never eat meat.
That's fine with me.
I'm married.
I go to the movies once a month.
I want to travel to the moon.
I invited Ken, Bill and Yumi.
I call architecture frozen music.
I like dogs very much.
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
I don't like dogs.
I prefer cats to dogs.
I have a dog and two cats.
I have lost my key.
I have lost the key.
I'm fine.
I'm trying to lose weight.
I went to the scene of the crime.
I bought an old lamp.
I have an old bicycle.
I felt lonely.
I am free this afternoon.
I slept the whole afternoon away.
I'll join you later.
I saw him in the park.
I went for a walk in the park.
I'm more interested in spoken English.
I went there out of curiosity.
I feel happy.
I had a happy childhood.
I want to live a happy life.
I don't mind.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
I'm a high school student.
I passed a test in Japanese.
I have a black and white dog.
I am now on duty.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
I do not need money now.
I still think about her from time to time.
I am playing volleyball now.
I don't feel like going out right now.
Never have I dreamed such a strange dream.
I'm free now.
I'm on vacation.
I live in Kyoto now.
I am writing a letter.
I got up late this morning.
I got up at six this morning.
I've been waiting here for him since this morning.
I have been working since six this morning.
I ate bread and butter this morning.
I got to the station this morning.
I went to church this morning.
I've just eaten breakfast.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
I have nothing to do this afternoon.
I'm going to see Mary this afternoon.
I will play with Naoko this afternoon.
I have a bad headache today.
I'm free today.
I'm very busy today.
I didn't have lunch today.
I got a letter from her today.
I have to cook dinner today.
I am starting this evening.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
I have caught a cold.
I am studying now.
I'm not busy now.
I'm now busy writing a book.
I am in trouble.
I was embarrassed.
I was invited to Sachiko's party.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
I am the fastest runner.
I have recently given up smoking.
I haven't seen him lately.
I caught the last bus.
I have to do my best.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I confessed my sin.
I come from Saitama.
I received a letter written in English yesterday.
I bought this camera yesterday.
I went there yesterday.
I fixed the bike yesterday.
I bought the book yesterday.
I saw an old film featuring Charlie Chaplin yesterday.
I was home all day yesterday.
I met Mary yesterday.
I attended the meeting yesterday.
I went to school yesterday.
I caught five fish yesterday.
I met him by accident at the airport yesterday.
I met your father yesterday.
I went to the park yesterday.
I was happy yesterday.
I lost my watch yesterday.
I had my bicycle fixed yesterday.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.
I wasn't born yesterday!
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
I got up early yesterday.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
I met him yesterday.
I helped him yesterday.
I had a strange dream last night.
I helped my father yesterday.
I was busy yesterday.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
I decided to come to Japan last year.
I started sailing last year.
I went to Vienna for the first time last year.
I retired last year.
I listened to some CDs last night.
I wrote three letters last night.
I watched TV last night.
I had my car stolen last night.
I had a good dream last night.
I painted the fence green.
I had no more than three pounds.
I lost my umbrella.
I had my hair cut at the barber's.
I was told to wait for a while.
I still have a lot of work to do.
I'm looking for work.
I had an accident at work.
I took the lift to the third floor.
I must catch the first train.
I went to the zoo with my sister.
I have more dresses than my sister.
I couldn't eat fish when I was a child.
I don't like being treated like a child.
I don't have any children.
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.
I have known Tom since I was a little boy.
I was a healthy child.
I saw the children walk across the street.
I burned my fingertip.
I know a woman whose first and last names are the same as mine.
I'm looking for my camera.
I'm doing my homework.
I smell with my nose.
I failed the exam.
Circumstances did not permit me to help you.
I have lost my watch.
I had my watch repaired.
I had my watch stolen.
I bought a watch.
I lost my watch.
I don't know what to do next.
I asked my teacher what to do next.
I'm getting off at the next station.
I am busy preparing for the next exam.
I was all ears.
I'm used to cooking for myself.
I have a bicycle.
I got my bicycle repaired.
I don't have to apologize for what I said.
I am proud of being a doctor.
I can prove that I am right.
I believe I am in the right.
I have to go there myself.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I acknowledge my mistake.
I admit my mistake.
I am tired of my work.
I am content with my job.
I had my bicycle fixed by my brother.
I made a good profit by selling my car.
I want to have a talk with him about my future.
I remember the house where I grew up.
I have to clean my room.
I couldn't believe my eyes.
I lost sight of my friends.
I have a lot of money at my disposal.
I am out of work.
I can't stand humidity.
I am fond of cars.
I turned right.
I don't have a car.
I decided to buy a car.
I will buy a car.
I have a horror of snakes.
I don't like to be disturbed.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
I did smoke when I was young.
I often played soccer when I was young.
I often played tennis when I was young.
I often played baseball when I was young.
I am a housewife.
I have a book in my hand.
I wrote a letter.
I'm writing a letter.
Do I have to write a letter?
I am going to write a letter.
I don't remember posting the letter.
I want to be a magician.
I don't drink alcohol.
I shook my head.
I've lost my religious faith.
I spent the whole day reading a novel.
I jog twice a week.
I meet her once a week.
I made a serious mistake.
I'm in debt to my uncle for $10,000.
I don't like homework.
I was unable to finish my homework.
I translated the poem as best I could.
I do not like spring.
I am very sensitive to heat.
I was used to the heat.
I couldn't sleep because of the heat.
I have no friends to help me.
I am looking for an assistant.
I heard a woman scream.
I thought about the future.
I live in a small town.
I have few books.
I have some pens.
I'm not hungry at all.
I was a little surprised.
I am a bit drunk.
I speak a little Japanese.
I'm a little tired.
I'm a bit tired.
I go to the library at least once a week.
I read at least one book every month.
I received an invitation.
I was born and brought up in Matsuyama.
I laughed.
I tried not to laugh.
I can swim well.
I am in no mood for joking.
I considered changing my job.
I'm washing the dishes.
I have a poor appetite.
I make it a rule to brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I always brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I overslept.
I received a warm welcome.
I felt my heart beating violently.
I want to buy a new camera.
I'm getting along well with my new classmates.
I want to buy a new computer.
I bought a new bag.
I bought a new sewing machine.
I am very pleased with my new house.
I built a new house.
I'm pleased with my new bathing suit.
I'm saving up to buy a new car.
I bought a new car.
I am a new student.
I found out the truth.
I know the truth.
I do not believe in the existence of God.
I believe in God.
I'm economically independent of my parents.
I was lost in the crowd.
I lost him among the crowd.
I lost sight of her in the crowd.
I dislike speaking in public.
I have read every book in the library.
I like skiing much better than swimming.
I like maths.
I don't like math, much less physics.
I need to study math.
I abhor politics.
I'm an honest person.
I've never seen a live whale.
I am an optimist by nature.
I visited Rome for the first time in my life.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
I'm not a student.
I have life insurance.
I love the taste of watermelon.
I am from Shizuoka.
I paid $200 in taxes.
I bought a red sports car.
I like red roses.
I wanted red shoes.
I have a new red car.
I have a large collection of stamps.
I need to get a stamp.
I've lost my ticket.
I don't care if it snows.
I am constantly forgetting people's names.
I changed my address last month.
I haven't seen her since last month.
I was in London last month.
I saw her a week ago today.
I went to the park last Saturday.
I wasn't busy last week.
I am a teacher.
I am not a teacher.
I'd like to be a teacher.
I saw your brother the other day.
I like astrology.
I was swimming in the river.
I walked along the river.
I slept aboard the ship.
I can't think of everything.
I was able to answer all the questions.
I didn't want to get up early.
I'm not used to getting up early.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
I run.
I'm able to run.
I like to run.
I'm used to the noise.
I ran out of breath.
I'm proud of my son.
I broke my leg.
I was hurt by many people.
I am not well at all.
I'm healthy.
I have gained weight.
I want to lose weight.
I don't mind waiting.
I have a big black dog.
I don't like visiting big cities.
I'm studying economics at university.
I want to go to college.
I was born in Osaka.
I live in a big city.
I took a book from the shelf.
I heard someone scream.
I don't know who made the cake.
I know who lives in this house.
I don't know who wrote this letter.
Who am I?
I like short hair.
He replied that he did not know.
I am the happiest man on earth.
I'm afraid of earthquakes.
I felt the earth shake.
I prefer history to geography.
I saw a spider walking on the ceiling.
I'm late, aren't I?
I want brown shoes, not black ones.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.
I ate a hot dog for lunch.
I was invited to lunch.
I wrote the answers carefully.
I am hungry because I did not eat lunch.
I get up at six in the morning.
I showered before breakfast.
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.
I wake up early.
I know that German with a long beard.
I have lived here for a long time.
I met her on the street by accident.
I am very interested in fishing.
I planted roses in the garden.
I am not so tall as my brother, but taller than my father.
I tore my jacket on a nail.
I'm used to working all night.
I am waiting for the store to open.
I don't like living in the country.
I ordered a pizza on the phone.
I really like city life.
I couldn't control my anger.
I like winter.
I like summer better than winter.
I met him in Tokyo by chance.
I was born and brought up in Tokyo.
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.
I stopped off at Osaka on my way to Tokyo.
I'm from Tokyo.
I took it for granted that she would come.
I tried to escape.
I bought a book about animals.
I am reading a book about animals.
I went to the zoo.
I am the same age.
I nodded to show that I agreed.
I love Hitomi.
Am I on the wrong road?
I want a book to read.
I love reading books.
I am tired of reading.
I have two books.
I was born 20 years ago.
I will never do it again.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
I prefer fish to meat.
I like my meat well done.
I don't want to get a suntan.
I live in Japan.
I returned to Japan.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I don't know anything about Japan.
I think that Japan is a very safe country.
I speak Japanese, English, and French.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
I study Japanese history.
I like Japanese food.
I used to play tennis with him on Sunday.
I am always at home on Sundays.
I am not always at home on Sundays.
I often go downtown on Sunday.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
I go to church on Sundays.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I go to church on Sunday.
I'm leaving on Sunday.
I work every day except Sunday.
I'm not always free on Sundays.
I must visit my friend in the hospital.
I am pregnant.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
I do not have a cat.
I keep thirteen cats.
I like dark red better.
I worked on a farm.
I can ride a horse.
I'm only a customer.
I like red wine better than white.
I prefer red wine to white.
I opened the box and looked inside.
I'm a salesperson.
I am sure of his living to be ninety years old.
I envy him.
I'm sure of his success.
I'm surprised that he accepted the offer.
I don't know if he knows it.
I know where he lives.
I like him very much.
He told me about the accident.
I owe him 100 yen.
I know that he went to London.
I thought that he was a doctor.
I saw him enter the house.
I helped him carry his desk.
I worry about him.
I don't care for him.
I know the real reason for his absence.
I don't like what he said.
I saw him go out.
I expect him to help me.
I am sure of his success.
I think he will succeed.
I don't think that he's right.
I think he is right.
I think that he is honest.
I know the house where he was born.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
I don't know who he is.
I know who he is.
I don't know why he was late.
I saw him cross the street.
I saw him crossing the street.
I saw him crossing the road.
I thought he was sick.
I saw him enter the room.
I saw him playing baseball.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
I thought he might come.
I thought he would come.
I'm sure he will come.
I don't know whether he'll come by train or by car.
I got acquainted with him in France.
I don't want to be seen in his company.
I go to school with him.
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
I am as tall as he.
I enjoyed talking with him.
I asked him to lend me some money.
I want him to play the guitar.
I asked him to wait here.
I asked him to be here by six.
I borrowed this book from him.
I want him to go there.
I warned him of the danger.
I regret having said that to him.
I want him to solve the problem.
I promised him to keep it secret.
I asked him not to drive so fast.
I advised him to give up smoking.
I asked him where he was going.
I wrote him to ask why.
I'll buy a pen for him.
I am disgusted with him.
I met him at the station.
I told him what to do.
I made him open the door.
I owe him 50,000 yen.
I bought him a magazine.
I agree with him.
I found him a job.
I paid him four dollars.
I asked him a question.
I asked him to drive me home.
I had him wash the car.
I gave him my address.
I asked him if he would help me.
I explained it to him.
I answered for him.
I turned to him for advice.
I gave him a call.
I owe him $100.
I gave him a book.
I gave him a few books.
I asked him what his name was.
I told him to come.
I will do anything for him.
I can't trust such a man as he.
I was bored with his speech.
I like his music.
I was impressed by his music.
I am familiar with his music.
I know his family.
I am not in the least afraid of his threats.
I agree to his plan.
I was worried about his health.
I could hardly understand him.
I believe what he says.
I tried to listen to him carefully.
I didn't catch what he said.
I followed him into his room.
I followed him.
I envy him his luck.
I do not want to reply to his letter.
I know his address.
I forgot his address.
I asked for his help.
I accepted his invitation.
I wrote down his phone number.
I had a dream about him.
I know him only by name.
I don't know his name.
I declined his invitation to dinner.
I was much impressed by his story.
I pledged my loyalty to him.
I'm younger than he is.
I explained the rules of the game to them.
I ordered them to leave the room.
I know them.
I know both of them.
I want to surprise him.
I know him very well.
I help him.
I believe in him.
I have trust in him.
I consider him a great writer.
I relied on him.
I know that she is Spanish.
She gave me several books.
I saw her swim.
I don't like her.
I heard her singing in her room.
I saw her crossing the street.
I know that she is beautiful.
I didn't know that she was ill.
I saw her clean the room.
I helped her hang the picture on the wall.
I talked with her for an hour.
I am engaged to her.
I talked to her on the telephone.
I want to talk to her.
I remember seeing her.
I was very worried about her.
I told her what to do.
I would like to express my gratitude to her.
I showed her my room.
I must make an apology to her.
I have no time to write to her.
I bought her a nice Christmas present.
I wrote a long letter to her.
I meant to call her, but I forgot to.
I asked her a difficult question.
I lent her 500 dollars free of interest.
I love her.
I have three times as many books as she has.
I can't stand her jealousy.
I'm immediately behind her.
I am concerned for her safety.
I like her dark eyes.
I can't remember her address.
I don't know his address.
I can't do without her help.
I'm tired of her complaints.
I like her novel.
I accepted her invitation.
I don't like the way she laughs.
I sat beside her.
I was deceived by her appearance.
I don't like the way she speaks.
I listened to her story.
I think she is sick.
I had a good opinion of her.
I asked her for a date.
I know her very well.
I wanted to surprise her.
I know her well.
I don't love her.
I can comfort her.
I was looking at her.
I will make her happy.
I want to make her happy.
It took me some time to persuade her.
I took her for her sister.
I do not feel sad.
I was tired.
I am tired and I want to go to bed.
I have a very old stamp.
I was very tired.
I can jump.
I want to travel by airplane.
I've never flown in an airplane.
I caught a beautiful butterfly.
I will lose weight.
I stayed at home because I was sick.
I'm poor.
I dreamed a strange dream.
I'm not satisfied.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I have seen Mt. Fuji.
I usually wake up at six.
I usually get up at eight.
I usually go to bed at nine.
I'm looking forward to going hunting with my father.
I'm as tall as my father.
I gave my father a silk tie.
I took over my father's job.
I visited my father's grave.
I'm very proud of my father.
I like such fruits as grapes and peaches.
I sleep in my room.
I can't see well.
I prefer reading to writing.
I've written a lot of stories.
I'm not good at classifying things.
I like physics, and I like mathematics even more.
I live in Hyogo.
I am a student at Hyogo University.
I don't like studying.
I am studying.
Do I have to study?
I have to study.
I am going to study.
I decided to be a lawyer.
I was captured.
I had to walk home.
I go to school on foot.
I'd rather take a taxi than walk.
I helped my mother clean the kitchen.
I asked my mother if breakfast was ready.
I'm waiting for my mother.
I love my mother very much.
I often play soccer after school.
I gave my hat a brush.
I'm busy.
I'm too busy to help him.
I'm not busy.
I want a book.
I do not read books.
I was reading a book.
I sold a book.
I'm going to deal with the problem in this chapter.
I actually saw a ghost.
I do not have a sister.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
I let my sister use my new computer.
I gave my sister a dictionary.
I gave my sister a doll.
I play tennis every Sunday.
I go to church every Sunday.
I brush my teeth clean after meals.
I take a walk every morning.
I would sooner die than get up early every morning.
I run before breakfast every morning.
I use it every day.
I swim every day.
I study English every day.
I speak English daily.
I walk to school every day.
I have breakfast at seven every morning.
I walk in the forest every day.
I run every day.
I water the flowers in the garden every day.
I go to Tokyo every day.
I walk every day.
I listen to the radio every night.
I am at home every evening.
I read comic books.
I awoke from a dream.
I got the ticket for free.
I have a daughter.
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
I want to live.
I didn't turn off the light.
I like light colors.
I will be fourteen years old tomorrow.
I am going to play soccer tomorrow.
I'll be there tomorrow.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
I will not be free tomorrow.
I may die tomorrow.
I will get up early tomorrow.
I will go to Tokyo tomorrow.
I'm going to see him tomorrow.
I will have to study tomorrow.
I'll be busy tomorrow.
I will not be busy tomorrow.
I let go of the rope.
I made a desk of wood.
I have a wooden comb.
I chopped a tree down.
I'll come back.
I never cut my nails at night.
I arrived at Osaka Station at night.
I am used to sitting up late at night.
I like baseball.
I belong to the baseball team.
I like playing baseball.
I'm afraid of wild animals.
I believe in friendship.
I'm looking for a gift for my friend.
I invited all my friends.
I think it's sad to have no friends.
I have a few friends.
I spent the weekend with my friends.
I met a friend.
I am a famous actor.
I gave in to temptation and began to smoke a cigarette.
I study English after dinner.
After dinner, I did my homework.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I saw a flock of sheep.
I have two children to support.
I am going to start a new job next week.
I am going to go to America next year.
I will be in high school next April.
I am thinking of going abroad next year.
I will go abroad next year.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
I have an egg.
I bought half a dozen eggs.
I have seen a shooting star once.
I want to study abroad.
I like traveling.
I live with my parents.
"I said ""good night"" to my parents and went to bed."
I have a good dictionary.
I am often confused with my brother.
I prefer quality to quantity.
I like apples.
I can peel an apple.
I am a man who can't stand being alone.
I couldn't control my tears.
I want to go abroad, for instance, to Italy and Spain.
I like hot tea better than cold.
I believe in the immortality of the soul.
I'm interested in history.
I want to study history.
I like studying history.
I went to Boston by train.
I returned home by train.
I went to Kobe by train.
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.
I missed the train. I should have come earlier.
I gave up smoking six months ago.
I got up about six.
I'll be back by six o'clock.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
I don't like to be spoken to.
I broke my arm.
I don't like it, either.
So do I.
I want to have a part-time job, too.
I think so, too.
I like English, too.
I love music, too.
I also heard a similar story.
I am a teacher, too.
I'd like to order the same.
Don't let me down.
You can call me Bob.
Seeing me, the baby began to cry.
Look at me.
Stop bothering me!
Don't treat me like a child.
Please help me.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
It is very kind of you to invite me.
Don't laugh at me.
Don't deceive me.
Everyone except me knew it.
I wish I had a room of my own.
I myself have never seen a UFO.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
Would you like to play soccer with us?
We had a pleasant evening.
Don't forget to write to us.
Our hotel faces the coast.
Our school is near the station.
Our school burned down.
The air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
All our plans went wrong.
Our dog will bite strangers.
Don't worry about us.
Our teacher seldom laughs.
Our teacher speaks French as well as English.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own Sun.
Our sales are decreasing.
We worry about your future.
We waste a lot of time.
We have finished lunch.
We ran for 10 kilometers.
We work from nine to five.
We depend on you.
We need the money.
We rented a canoe.
We can solve this problem easily.
We had a splendid holiday in Sweden.
We went to the mountains to ski.
We must start at once.
We were cooking tempura at that time.
We bought the car for $12,000.
We associate the name of Darwin with the theory of evolution.
We invited a novelist and poet to the party.
We enjoyed playing football.
We aren't very hungry yet.
We all learn by experience.
We all know that no one is perfect.
We are eight altogether.
All of us are happy.
We all like him.
We managed to swim across the river.
We have little opportunity to use English.
We studied English.
We saw nothing strange.
We lived close by the sea.
We spent our holiday at the seaside.
We're in a hurry.
We blew up a huge rock with dynamite.
We'd better call the police.
We are living in the age of nuclear power.
We got up at four in the morning.
We took turns driving.
We eat with our mouths.
We live in the suburbs.
We want to be international.
We reached the top of the mountain.
We adopted a child.
We went to the park to take pictures.
We want a car.
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
We want to know the facts.
We are eleven in all.
We must clean up the kitchen.
We flew nonstop from Osaka to Los Angeles.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
We play on Sunday.
We are sure of his success.
We celebrated his birthday.
We had to wait for him for ten minutes.
We call him Mike.
We made him cry.
We have to wait for him.
We sang for her.
We are husband and wife.
We sang as we walked.
We started to walk.
We ought to obey the law.
We watch television every evening.
We went to the park to play.
I need some paper.
Paper burns easily.
Paper is made from wood.
Can I have a paper bag?
I made a paper plane.
I have poor eyesight.
I have good eyesight.
It is difficult to translate a poem into another language.
Much has already been said about the difficulty of translating poetry.
Poets often compare death to sleep.
Poets write poems.
I tried writing with my left hand.
How did the exam go?
He failed the exam.
They can't have lost the game.
The game became exciting.
Where is the changing room?
Cows supply milk.
Our cat's fur has lost its luster.
I've got a toothache.
Did you brush your teeth?
I have to brush my teeth.
You have a gum infection.
Where's the toothpaste?
Brush your teeth.
Where can I find toothpaste?
There's been an accident.
An accident just happened.
The cause of the accident is still under investigation.
The cause of the accident is unknown.
Shortly after the accident, the police came.
The accident took place near that intersection.
Accidents are inevitable.
The more I get, the more I want.
Time passes quickly.
Time flies.
Time heals all wounds.
Time heals all broken hearts.
Time is running out.
Don't waste your time and money.
I have plenty of time, but not enough money.
We have enough time.
Give me time.
I'm killing time.
You won't get there on time.
The clock is ten minutes slow.
A computer is no more alive than a clock is.
I asked him if he wanted a watch.
The clock is striking four.
I lost the watch.
I must get my watch repaired.
Do you have a timetable?
Please come to see me from time to time.
He didn't know what to do next.
I'll take the next bus.
Look at the next page.
We'll change trains at the next station.
Change trains at the next station.
Turn right at the next corner.
What is the next stop?
Get off at the next stop.
When does the next train leave?
The next day was Christmas Day.
Keep next Sunday free.
Next year my birthday will fall on Sunday.
The next train will be less crowded than this one.
Better luck next time.
Where would you like to go next?
Try and do better next time.
One after another, the animals died.
Come on, Jiro.
Jiro doesn't have to go to school today.
Prevention is better than cure.
I have an earache.
I often have ear infections.
You've told me something.
I have a ringing in my ears.
May I introduce myself?
Suicide is a desperate act.
Self-help is the best help.
It'll cure itself naturally.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments.
My bicycle was stolen.
I bike to work.
I went out by bicycle.
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars.
I got the bicycle at a bargain.
I don't have a bicycle.
May I borrow your bicycle?
May I borrow your bike?
It cost me 5,000 yen to repair my bicycle.
I was asked to fix the bicycle.
Automobiles replaced carriages.
Look out for pedestrians when you drive a car.
The automobile industry is one of the main industries in Japan.
I wish I were a stone.
I feel like another person.
Solve the problem.
I know myself very well.
Reflect on what you have done.
I'll try my luck.
Hey! Scott! Pay my bill!
You don't have to hide your feelings.
I cannot describe my feelings.
I'm content with my salary.
Few people will admit their faults.
One must be responsible for one's conduct.
I really love my work.
Give yourself to your work with body and soul.
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
Put your room in order.
Let me pay my share.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
Do good to those who hate you.
Respect yourself.
You should know yourself.
There are dictionaries and dictionaries.
A dictionary defines words.
I left my dictionary downstairs.
It was seven thirty.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
Nothing is missing.
It's difficult to make up for lost time.
Can I be excused?
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
I took the liberty of calling her.
Answer the question.
Must I answer all the questions?
I would like to address two questions.
In fact, he's a billionaire.
The fact is that I have no money with me.
As a matter of fact, it is true.
To tell the truth, we got married last year.
The truth is I told a lie.
To tell the truth, I was scolded by my mother.
To tell the truth, I don't like him.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
The experiment was successful.
That didn't really happen.
What actually happened?
In reality black is not a color; it is the absence of color.
Do you often go to see plays?
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
Put the eggs into the boiling water.
I wish I had a car.
There's a car coming.
The car got stuck in the mud.
Do you want a car?
The car ran into a tree.
How long does it take by car?
Will you drive me home?
I'll give you a ride.
Get into the car.
I have a problem with my car.
My car battery is dead.
The car battery is dead.
I have to charge the battery of my car.
Drive carefully.
Do you know how to drive a car?
It took me some time to learn how to drive a car.
Be alert when you cross a busy street!
A few people have two cars.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
It is necessary to have a license to drive a car.
How many cars do you have?
Put the car into the garage.
The faucet is leaking.
I lost the book you lent me.
I wish I'd studied harder when I was young.
You are only young once.
As usual with young girls, Alice loves chocolate.
I am writing on behalf of my husband, who is in the hospital.
The garrison was forced to surrender.
I can't reach it.
Give me what you have in your hand.
I couldn't get it.
There's nothing to be done about it.
You must keep your hands clean.
Put your hands up!
Did you wash your hands?
Don't touch.
Watch your fingers!
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
The contents of the letter were secret.
Did you receive my letter?
The letter was written by her.
Letters are delivered every day.
The letter will arrive tomorrow.
Remember to post the letter.
I've finished writing the letter.
Do you think I should write?
I converted my yen into dollars.
Surgery is the best solution.
Do I need an operation?
We charge a commission of 3%.
My hands and legs are swollen.
You don't have to help me.
Can I help?
Help me.
I helped her into a gown.
I play the guitar in my spare time.
Tastes differ.
He who loves not wine, woman and songs, remains a fool his whole life long.
Bacchus has drowned more men than Neptune.
Drink less and sleep more.
I bought a bottle of beer at the liquor store.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
Magic plays an important part in primitive society.
I don't like sushi.
I don't feel like eating sushi.
School is over now.
School begins at 8:30 a.m.
A convict has escaped from prison.
He lives above his means.
She has no opinion about religion.
Religion is the opium of the people.
Repairs will cost a lot of money.
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
Autumn is here.
The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
Leaves fall in the autumn.
Autumn is just around the corner.
The moon is beautiful in fall.
All's well that ends well.
All is well that ends well.
Practice makes perfect.
Courage is needed to change a custom.
We have four French classes a week.
I have difficulty concentrating.
I don't have the address with me.
Is it about ten o'clock?
December is the last month of the year.
It's very important to get enough rest.
I'm more than happy.
My uncle has made me what I am.
I went to the hospital to see my uncle.
All my homework is done.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
Do your homework.
Let's do the homework together.
Turn in your homework.
A ripe apple dropped from the tree.
It was time to leave.
It's time to go.
Are you ready to go out?
Make sure that the lights are turned off before you leave.
I've got to shave before leaving.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before going out.
Let me out!
You are free to leave any time you wish.
Get out!
In case of fire, push the button.
I'm bleeding badly.
It won't stop bleeding.
Where is the way out?
The birth rate and death rate were nearly equal.
The gate was left open.
Are you ready to start?
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
I'll do my best.
Spring is coming soon.
Spring is drawing near.
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
When spring arrives, I am going to take up a new sport.
Some flowers bloom in spring and others in autumn.
We should abolish the death penalty.
Given her inexperience, she has done well.
The first time I met Betty, I was nervous.
At first, everything seemed difficult.
Nice to meet you, Ken.
Do you have a course for beginners?
I had my first period when I was 13 years old.
The first edition was published ten years ago.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
How much is that mountain bike?
It's too hot.
I have to write a letter.
You can get it at a bookstore.
Are you going to learn English?
You should work in the interests of humanity.
Help me, please.
We want an assistant, preferably someone with experience.
The girls were not afraid, but the boys were.
Women like to talk.
She had nothing else to drink.
The queen visited the museum.
The Queen is to visit China next year.
God save the Queen.
Long live the Queen!
May the queen live long!
Women commonly live longer than men.
Don't touch the wound.
Let me see your wound.
Katsuko leads her class in English.
It is good to be a winner.
Victory is unlikely but not impossible.
We fought hard for victory.
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
What do you want to be in the future?
I expect a subway station will be here in the future.
You should think about your future.
I can't read small letters.
It's too small.
Draw a small circle.
To teach young children is not easy.
Small children are very curious.
Could you find me a house that has a small garden?
I'd like to see Mr Kosugi.
Flour is made from wheat.
I will stay here for a short period.
Would you give me a discount?
I've lost a little weight.
We're a little early.
I have a slight headache.
A girl appeared before me.
The girl was aware of the danger.
The girl trembled with fear.
The girl was trembling with fear.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
Would you please wait for a minute?
Give me some milk.
For the boy to swim across the river was impossible.
I saw a boy crossing the street.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
A boy came running toward me.
The boy made believe he was too ill to go to school.
Wax the floor.
Get down!
All right.
Thank you for your invitation.
Did you invite him?
How beautiful the rising sun is!
May I borrow your eraser?
Tell me what you did in Shounan.
Laughter is the best medicine.
You amuse me.
Don't make me laugh!
There's no evidence.
For further details, call Gisèle.
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
An elephant is an enormous animal.
An elephant is a very large animal.
An elephant has a long nose.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
When does the show start?
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.
My boss isn't satisfied with my report.
A coat is an article of clothing.
Do you want a ride?
The passengers were asleep in their cabins when the ship hit a huge iceberg.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
Are all passengers on board?
I can't find my ticket. I must have lost it.
It's no joke.
Don't think I'm joking.
Get serious.
You should always do your best.
I always feel hungry.
The situation calls for drastic measures.
The situation is hopeless.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
We have to gather information.
The treaty bans the use of chemical weapons.
I don't remember what happened.
The lock is broken.
Plants grow.
Water the plants.
All plants need water and light.
Plants die without water.
I had the gardener plant some trees.
Thanks again for everything.
I'm color-blind.
Hands off.
If you eat too much, you will get fat.
Eating too much may lead to sickness.
I have difficulty chewing.
The food is getting cold.
All the food was gone.
There is plenty of food.
My throat hurts when I swallow.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Brush your teeth after meals.
Dinner's ready.
After the meal, I asked for the bill.
Coffee comes after the meal.
Wash your hands before meals.
Are meals included?
Do you eat at home or eat out?
You should always wash your hands before meals.
We know how food affects growth.
Chew your food well.
We ran out of food.
Unbelievable!
That was fabulous.
It's unbelievable.
I almost believe you.
Faith can move mountains.
Good for Nobuyuki.
The traffic light turned green.
The traffic light changed to red.
No other river is longer than the Shinano.
May I go to bed?
I like sleeping.
I heard a noise in the bedroom.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Remember that we will inherit the results of your decisions.
I can't look at this photo without feeling very sad.
The human heart is analogous to a pump.
I had a heart attack.
Don't worry. I have completely recovered.
Don't worry. It's a common mistake.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Send me a new catalog.
We want a new carpet.
She's pleased with her new dress.
I'll buy a new one.
A new bridge is being built over the river.
The new bridge will have been completed by March.
A new school building is under construction.
How do you like your new job?
I need a new bicycle.
I've got a new bike.
I want to buy a new bicycle.
He's wearing a new coat.
The new tax law is full of loopholes.
What do you think of the new teacher?
A new road is under construction.
The new museum is worth visiting.
I am working on my new book.
We have a new puppy. He is about 12 weeks old.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
I've been very busy since the new term started.
Fresh fruit and vegetables are good for your health.
Let in some fresh air.
I doubt the new proposal will be accepted.
Where's the newspaper?
According to the paper, there was a big fire in Boston.
Bring me the newspaper.
We didn't see many deer in the forest.
I hear a dog barking in the woods.
He lost his way in the woods.
The woods are my home.
Sorry, the flight is already full.
I'm sorry I don't have my watch with me.
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.
I don't have anything to declare.
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
Go straight ahead.
A true friend would've helped me.
True friendship is priceless.
You should tell the truth.
I think it important to tell the truth.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
Truth is time's daughter.
Truth needs not many words.
God bless you!
God created the world.
Her faith in God is unshaken.
Only God knows.
May God bless you.
God created the world in six days.
God is.
God made the universe.
God helps those who help themselves.
God created man in his own image.
Kobe is the city which I like best.
Kobe is the city which I was born in.
The Holy Roman Empire came to an end in the year 1806.
Parents love their children.
It is freezing cold.
Shinko's brother is eight.
Wires transmit electricity.
Wires are used to convey electricity.
I don't care what people say.
We have two ears.
It isn't polite to stare at people.
In order to know a man, you have only to travel with him a week.
Men will not look at things as they really are, but as they wish them to be.
All men must die.
Man is mortal.
The more we have, the more we want.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
A man must be honest.
Every man has his own strong points.
A man must work.
Are you kidding?
It's impolite to stare at people.
Don't point at others.
Humans can't live on Mars.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
Man is the only animal that can laugh.
Man is a social animal by nature.
All men are equal.
Human beings are created to create things.
Man is the only animal that talks.
Is it popular?
Carrots are good for the eyesight.
Man proposes, God disposes.
The hostages will be released before Christmas.
All the hostages were released unharmed.
The people rebelled against the king.
People love freedom.
People lived in villages.
Life is very short.
There are many mysteries in life.
Life is full of ups and downs.
Life is more interesting than any book.
Life is often compared to a voyage.
Life is often compared to a journey.
How strange life is!
People say that life is short.
Life is not all fun and games.
Life is full of adventure.
Life is like a journey.
Some people compare life to a stage.
I don't like to sing in public.
Don't make a scene in public.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
You ought to be quiet in a library.
There are a lot of books in the library.
They furnished the library with new books.
She took the book back to the library.
We must not speak in the library.
Where is the library?
Don't talk in the reading room.
The library is on the 4th floor.
That's it.
I'd like some water.
I want some water.
It is impossible to live without water.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
There is little water left.
Water is a liquid.
Water is as precious as air.
Water reflects light.
Water can be decomposed into oxygen and hydrogen.
We have water enough.
There is a little water left.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
Water and air are both fluids.
I'd like a glass of water.
Some water, please.
A glass of water, please.
We've run out of water.
Hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.
The atomic number for hydrogen is 1.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Sleep is better than medicine.
How was the math test?
I do not like mathematics very much.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
Math is the last subject that I want to study.
Mathematics is difficult for me.
Mathematics is her weak point.
Mathematics is my favorite subject.
A few days later, he came.
Several years went by.
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
It's a small world.
The world is changing every minute.
It's the best job in the world!
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.
What is the longest river in the world?
There are more than 4000 languages in the world.
Nobody in the world wants war.
The world economy is in recession now.
I wish I could travel around the world.
I have a collection of silver tea spoons from all over the world.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
We must finish this work at any cost.
I want to see him at all costs.
Do you have a school uniform?
Uniforms differ from school to school.
Quick judgements are dangerous.
I'm afraid I've contracted a venereal disease.
I had V.D.
There is no hope of success.
Success depends mostly on effort.
The political situation has changed.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
The government must make fundamental changes.
The stars are shining in the sky.
Mr Hoshino is hard to please.
It was a fine day and there were no clouds in the sky.
That's what I thought.
Tadashi has a soft voice.
The exact temperature is 22.68 degrees Celsius.
Honesty is no guarantee of success.
Honesty is a capital virtue.
Honesty is the best policy.
Honesty is not always the best policy.
A square has four equal sides.
While there is life, there is hope.
This is life!
All living things die some day.
Have you ever eaten raw fish?
I wish you'd never been born.
I feel alive.
Living costs are getting higher.
Life is more and more expensive.
Many of the students were tired.
All the students like holidays.
The students could not give an answer.
The students are happy, but the teachers are not.
Is your menstruation normal?
Try hard.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
Read it aloud.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
Keep quiet.
Let's keep quiet.
I wish that noise would stop. It gets on my nerves.
Keep quiet!
All the seats are occupied.
I used to go to church on Sunday.
Once there lived a naughty boy in this village.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
In former days people walked from Edo to Kyoto.
I used to swim in this river.
Once upon a time, there lived a poor man and a rich woman.
Kill two birds with one stone.
Soap helps remove the dirt.
I need some soap.
A stone does not float.
There's no soap.
Supplies of oil are not infinite.
Why is the baby crying?
The baby is still sleeping.
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The baby is crying.
The baby smiled at me.
They spoke quietly so as not to wake the baby.
Babies cry when they are hungry.
My baby can't talk yet. He just cries.
The baby was quiet all night.
The baby stopped crying.
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The Red Cross distributed food to the refugees.
Did you stop at the red light?
Hold the line, please.
Ticket, please.
Where is the ticket office?
I want to ask you a big favor.
Snow is falling.
It looks like snow.
It was beginning to snow.
It may snow.
As long as it doesn't snow!
Who built the snowman?
I hear it's buried under all that snow.
It kept snowing all day.
The snow has disappeared in less than no time.
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
The snow has disappeared.
I'm absolutely sure!
I swear I will never do such a thing.
There is no doubt.
Extinction is part of evolution.
I wrote to her last month.
I had a bladder infection last month.
A terrible thing happened last week.
My wife had a baby last week.
Have you finished reading the book I lent you last week?
I bought it last week.
It has been raining since last Thursday.
He was sick last week.
Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you very much, doctor.
Stop talking when the teacher comes in.
Even a teacher can make mistakes.
Let's ask the teacher.
Our teacher said that water boils at 100ºC.
The teachers teach all day long.
The teacher was surrounded by her students.
Our teacher seemed surprised.
The teacher pointed to the blackboard.
The teacher was disappointed at my answer.
Our teacher likes his new car.
The teacher pointed out the grammatical errors made by the students.
The teacher let him go home.
Her teacher praised her.
The teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book.
The other day I stopped at a secondhand bookstore on my way home from school and happened to find a book I had been looking for for a long time.
She came to see me the other day.
I bought a camera the other day.
I want to apologize for the other day.
I met him the other day.
Who is the boy swimming in the river?
We set up the tent next to the river.
The river is deep here.
Make love, not war.
The war wasted the country.
The war broke out in 1939.
War broke out in 1939.
War must be avoided at all costs.
He was wounded in the fight.
I want the fan.
It needs washing.
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.
Is my laundry ready?
The towels are dirty.
The divers can gather pearls with no danger.
The ship is sinking.
The ship sank with all her crew on board.
The boat sank to the bottom.
Abandon ship!
He is thinking of going to sea.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
The captain controls the whole ship.
The captain was the last person to leave the sinking ship.
What was the outcome of the election?
All the players did their best.
All the players were in position.
I have met her before.
You must pay in advance.
Thanks in advance.
You have to pay in advance.
That's really great!
See above.
Can you pay me in advance?
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
A good citizen obeys the laws.
Yes. You're absolutely right.
Certainly.
Is everything okay?
Everything went smoothly.
Please answer all the questions.
Not every student has a dictionary.
All big cities have traffic problems.
All is over.
All are present.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
The whole nation wants peace.
I am all ears.
My whole body is sore.
The whole world was involved in the war.
I have no idea.
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
Put everything in my basket.
Eat everything.
My grandfather died of a disease at eighty.
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick.
Grandfather is napping on the sofa.
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.
My grandfather is still sound in mind and body.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
My grandfather was wounded in the war.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
My father takes a walk in the park.
Our grandparents would come to see us on the weekends.
My grandmother is always complaining of the cold.
My grandmother was gradually becoming forgetful and frail.
My grandmother speaks slowly.
That's a nice tie you're wearing.
Have a nice holiday.
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
I used my imagination.
May I use the vacuum cleaner?
It was her fate to die young.
I'm sorry I couldn't write to you sooner.
Come here soon.
Come home early.
Go home quickly.
Get up early, or you'll be late.
You had better get up early.
You've arrived too early.
Get ready quickly.
Have you ever watched sumo wrestling?
Can I open the window?
Do you mind if I open the window?
When I opened the window, I saw children playing baseball.
Open the window.
Please open the window.
Don't open the window.
Let's open the window.
Who broke the window?
Close the window.
I'd like a table by the window.
Do you have a table near the window?
Did you request a seat by the window?
The minister had to resign.
The Prime Minister has resigned.
Don't run, walk slowly.
Thank you very much for your present.
I have some gifts.
Hold your breath, please.
Take a deep breath, please.
My son came to my room.
What does your son do?
I built my son a new house.
He will commit suicide if he can't see his son.
I'd like to see my son.
My son can't count yet.
My son is now as tall as I am.
My son is playing in the rain.
My son is small for his age.
Your feet are dirty.
I've got blisters on my feet.
Watch your toes.
Soles of the feet are insensitive to heat and cold.
Wash your feet.
Speeding causes accidents.
Don't pull my sleeve.
You cannot lose.
The loss amounts to a million dollars.
The loss amounted to $2,000,000.
There is a lake on the east of the village.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Need anything else?
Do you have any other questions?
Is there anything I must do?
This is the only alternative.
I had no other choice.
Where are all the others?
One should not make fun of others.
You'll have to ask someone else.
Is there life on other planets?
Be kind to others!
Don't interfere in others' affairs.
Don't worry about others.
You must not be jealous of others' success.
Many Americans are interested in jazz.
Many Europeans do not know modern Japan.
Many English words derive from Latin.
Many scientists have the reputation of being eccentric.
Much time was wasted.
Many people work in industrial towns.
Many students bought the book.
We had a large audience.
The more, the better.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
It may be that he likes his job.
He is probably dead.
I dare say he is innocent.
He probably won't come.
A lunar month is shorter than a calendar month.
I hear the drum.
Osamu Dazai killed himself.
The sun was about to set.
The sun is rising now.
The sun is about to rise.
The sun melted the snow.
The sun is about to set.
Which is larger, the sun or the earth?
Solar energy is a new source of energy.
The sun has not risen yet.
The sun is the brightest star.
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter.
The sun is brighter than the moon.
The sun gives light and heat.
The sun always rises in the east.
The sun sets in the west.
The sun is about 1,000,000 times as large as the earth.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
The sun was shining brightly.
Taro, dinner's ready!
Taro is not always here.
Taro is the taller of the two boys.
Taro died two years ago.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
Taro drew 10,000 yen from the bank.
Taro has a strong sense of responsibility.
I feel feverish.
My joints ache.
His body was covered with brown fur.
Did you take your temperature with a thermometer in your mouth?
I'm losing weight.
I'm gaining weight.
Stand on the scales.
Have you lost weight?
To calculate the volume, multiply the length by the width by the depth.
I am exhausted.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
I'll wait for you.
Room for rent.
I am bored to death.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics.
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?
How many eggs are there in the kitchen?
There is a cat in the kitchen.
Clean up the kitchen.
While I was in Taiwan, I made friends with him.
I will be only too pleased to help you.
Large or small?
How you've grown!
What are you going to be when you grow up?
It's too loud.
A big typhoon is approaching.
A big animal ran away from the zoo.
Let's make a big circle.
I am a university student.
The air was polluted by exhaust gas.
Air pollution is a serious problem in this country.
It snowed in Osaka.
He lives in Osaka.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
Are you all right?
The minister approved the building plans.
Stop talking loudly.
The Atlantic Ocean separates America from Europe.
All you have to do is to concentrate.
Please don't leave valuable things here.
I dislike big cities.
The president abolished slavery.
It was very hot.
I'm busy as a bee.
I'm very sorry.
Lesson Two is easy.
Let's review Lesson 5.
Tell me the name of the ninth month.
World War I broke out in 1914.
Let's begin with the first chapter.
World War II ended in 1945.
Let's fly kites.
Who discovered America?
Is anybody here?
Is somebody there?
Somebody has broken this dish.
Someone set fire to the house.
Someone knocked on the door.
Somebody touched me.
Someone has stolen all my money.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
I heard someone calling my name.
Someone caught me by the arm.
Someone is calling for help.
Someone is standing behind the wall.
I need somebody.
Who made this cake?
Who made this pie?
Who painted this picture?
Who ruled this country?
It is not clear who wrote this letter.
Who wrote this letter?
Who broke this window?
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?
Who made this box?
Who can afford to buy such an expensive house?
Who did it?
Who doesn't think so?
Do you know who invented the machine?
Who will look after the baby?
Who planted the tree?
I wonder who invented it.
Who likes Tony?
Go and see who it is.
Who discovered radium?
Who stole the apple?
Are you looking for someone?
I wonder who can swim fastest.
Is anybody home?
Who will look after your dog?
Someone is watching you.
Who built it?
Do you know who invented the microscope?
Who likes Sachiko?
Who threw a stone at my dog?
Can anyone answer my question?
Is there anybody who can drive a car?
Who wrote a letter?
Anybody want a lift?
Someone must've left the window open.
Can anybody else answer?
I do not like wearing anybody else's clothes.
Who knows that?
Who knows?
Does anybody know him?
Who helps her?
Everybody likes polite people.
Anybody will do.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
Everybody loves his country.
Everybody knows his name.
Anyone can do it.
I didn't meet anyone.
No one can tell.
It makes no difference who I meet.
Whom should I inform?
Nobody can stop me!
Everyone knew the song.
Everyone knows the law.
Everyone's saying it.
Everybody wants permanent peace.
Everyone seeks happiness.
Everyone admired his courage.
Everybody speaks well of her.
Everybody plays the game of love.
Nobody can solve this problem.
Nobody has solved the problem.
No one could solve the puzzle.
No one could find the answer.
Nobody can understand it.
Nobody taught me.
Nobody answered my question.
No one helped me.
Nobody came to my rescue.
Nobody came to help me.
No one can be a poet.
No one was present.
Everyone is afraid of doing new things.
No one loves war.
Nobody answered the telephone.
No one knows his name.
No one believed his story.
No one will trust his story.
Nobody noticed her absence.
Nobody cares for me.
Who are you laughing at?
If you don't know the meaning of a word, look it up in a dictionary.
I found a rare book I had been looking for.
Could you help me to find it?
Detective stories are amusing.
To make a long story short, he was fired.
Birth is, in a manner, the beginning of death.
How was your birthday?
The water has been cut off.
It was a warm day.
Wear warm clothes.
Warm and humid weather increases the number of crimes.
The men went hunting for lions.
Boys will be boys.
Is it a boy or a girl?
Could you give me a discount?
It's too expensive.
Can you guess the price?
Did you ask the price?
If I knew it, I would tell you.
To know is one thing, to teach is another.
Ignorance is bliss.
Knowledge is power.
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
Three-fourths of the earth's surface is water.
The earth moves around the sun in 365 days.
The earth is round.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
The earth rotates.
The Earth is a small but beautiful planet.
The earth, seen from above, looks like an orange.
The earth moves around the sun.
The earth goes around the sun.
The Earth, Mars and Jupiter are planets.
Is there life on other worlds?
All the people on earth are brothers.
The buildings shook in the earthquake.
Earthquakes and floods are natural disasters.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
The red lines on the map represent railways.
How embarrassing!
Shame on you!
The pond has dried up.
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond.
Look at those fish in the pond.
There are a lot of trees around the pond.
Ikeda is my last name, and Kazuko is my first name.
We all die sooner or later.
Sooner or later, the hostages will be released.
Devil take the hindmost.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Please excuse my being late.
Sorry to be late.
Don't be late.
You are late.
I assure you that I won't be late.
It is unlike him to be late.
Bamboo bends before the wind.
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
I went home to change my clothes.
Do you wear a kimono?
Let me in.
Beauty in China was associated with wealth.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is rich in natural resources.
China is much larger than Japan.
Is Mr Nakamura at home?
In addition to English, Mr. Nakajima can speak German fluently.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
It is necessary for you to follow your mother's advice.
The days are growing longer.
It may snow in the afternoon.
Night always follows day.
I will go with you after I have eaten my lunch.
Are you eating lunch?
Let's continue the game after lunch.
Careful as he was, he made an unexpected mistake.
I tremble with fear at the thought of an injection.
Pharamp paid a fine for illegal parking.
Is there a parking lot?
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
The author dedicated the book to his sister.
Stop talking.
What would you like for breakfast?
May I take a shower in the morning?
It must be morning, for the birds are singing.
Breakfast is ready.
What did you have for breakfast?
Is breakfast ready?
She's getting breakfast ready.
Are you through with your breakfast?
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.
A plane is flying above the city.
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
The town has changed a great deal since then.
The city was bombed by enemy planes.
The audience clapped loudly after his speech.
A butterfly is a mature caterpillar.
How's it going?
Have I kept you waiting long?
I have been silent for a long time.
Many trees died during the long drought.
Sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Many years went by.
That girl who has long hair is Judy.
I awoke from a long dream.
Don't smoke if you want to live a long life.
Old habits die hard.
The long trip aggravated her injury.
The birds sang.
The birds are singing.
Birds sing.
Birds fly in the sky.
The birds were flying in a group.
The birds settled on the branches.
Birds build nests.
Birds fly long distances.
The birds flew to the south.
Birds fly.
Birds learn to fly by instinct.
Birds lay eggs.
I'd like three pounds of chicken.
Naoko is a fast runner.
Draw a straight line.
We are not amused.
That's unusual.
Ouch!! I've been stung by a bee!!
He could no longer stand the pain.
The pain has gone.
It's not worth the pain.
Cross the street.
I went fishing.
Some words are hard to define.
I see your cat in the garden.
There was nobody in the garden.
All the flowers in the garden are yellow.
The garden is in front of the house.
Do you mind if we cross your garden?
My brother has a gift for painting.
Leave him alone.
It's my brother's.
My brother insisted on going there alone.
My brother is still sleeping.
My brother is interested in English and music.
My brother is at his desk.
My brother depends on me for money.
My brother polished the silver.
My brother is living in San Diego.
My little brother goes to an elementary school.
I have a suggestion.
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
Sadako's friends wanted to build a monument to her and all children who were killed by the atomic bomb.
Give it up.
Don't give up!
The nail tore his jacket.
I have no intention of getting wet.
We caught the thief.
The enemy kept up their attack all day.
The enemy attacked the town.
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
I worked all night.
The atomic number of iron is 26.
Iron is harder than gold.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
Iron is hard.
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling.
I saw a fly on the ceiling.
It's a nice day and I feel like taking a walk.
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.
If the weather is good, I'll go out tomorrow.
The weather turned bad.
The weather changed suddenly.
It's a sunny day.
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.
According to the weather forecast, tomorrow will be snowy.
What was the weather report?
The weather forecast is not necessarily reliable.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
Genius does what it must, and talent does what it can.
Astronomy is the science of the universe.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
The shop closes at seven.
Can I leave a message?
You have a message here.
I was born and raised in the country.
Do you like to live in the country?
I live in the country.
You'll soon get used to living in the country.
The countryside has many trees.
Mr Tanaka is a friend of ours.
Mr Tanaka appears very rich.
Mr Tanaka is our teacher of English.
Mr Tanabe is out now.
The light doesn't work.
Electricity is very useful.
Could you turn off the lights?
Turn off the light.
The light is out.
The light bulb has burned out.
Let's take a train.
I left my umbrella on the train.
You are on the wrong train.
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
Wires carry electricity.
The battery died.
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
An electric current can generate magnetism.
If the phone rings again, I will ignore it.
The phone is out of order.
The telephone doesn't work.
The telephone rang several times.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
I was about to leave when the phone rang.
Anne was just about to leave the house when the phone began ringing.
Answer the phone.
The phone kept ringing.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
The telephone can be a nuisance.
The caller refused to give us his name.
You need not have called me.
Will you let me use your telephone, please?
May I use the phone?
I'm talking on the phone.
What's the number?
Give me your phone number.
I feel like throwing up.
I coughed up blood.
Watanabe is my family name.
I'd bet my life on it.
They must have had an accident.
People in towns are attracted by life in the country.
My efforts produced no results.
I need a good pair of sunglasses.
I am sorry to cancel the appointment at the last minute.
It was Saturday night.
It is Saturday.
Do you have school on Saturdays?
He broke the window on purpose.
They'll kill me.
Don't be angry.
We have a lot of snow in the winter.
Does it snow much in winter?
Winter does not look real without snow.
Winter is cold, but I like it.
Winter has gone.
May I see your boarding pass, please?
The cost of living is very high in Tokyo.
It is difficult to have one's own house in Tokyo.
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
I hope to see you the next time you are in Tokyo.
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
I live in Tokyo.
The population of Tokyo is four times as large as that of Yokohama.
The population of Tokyo is about five times as large as that of our city.
Tokyo is a very big city.
Tokyo is bigger than Yokohama.
Tokyo is bustling with life.
Tokyo is a big city.
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
It was his bicycle that was stolen.
I would rather starve than steal.
A person who steals deserves punishment.
The light went on.
Obviously.
We will soon take off.
At that time, I was in Canada.
There were no railroads in Japan at that time.
No one lived on the island at that time.
Germany then had a powerful army.
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
Naturally.
He deserves to be promoted.
The food isn't very good here.
Raise your hand if you know the answer.
When does it arrive?
We will continue the discussion.
My head aches.
Duck!
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
Cool off!
I took two aspirins for my headache.
My headache has gone.
I stayed at home all day instead of going to work.
It's dangerous to jump off a moving train.
Hold it!
Don't move, please.
Don't feed the animals.
Don't be cruel to animals.
Man is the only animal that laughs.
The skin of animals is covered with hair.
Animals seem to move at random.
Why do you think animals dread fire?
Animals are afraid of fire.
Are there many animals in the zoo?
I'd like to go to the zoo.
Birds of a feather flock together.
We all stood up at once.
You can't do two things at once.
Never confuse pity with love.
The road is icy, so take care.
I seem to be lost.
Are you lost?
I got lost.
Let's cross the street.
Don't play in the street.
In spite of the heavy traffic, we arrived on time.
Copper conducts electricity well.
We have something special for you, sir.
She's been poisoned.
Are you single?
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
I found little amusement in reading.
I went on reading.
Suddenly, the light went out.
Suddenly I heard a loud clap of thunder.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
All at once there was an explosion.
The ghost vanished suddenly.
Pork doesn't agree with me.
It's cloudy.
It's getting cloudy.
It's a cloudy day.
Nara is a very old city.
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
It's too difficult.
Which is the more expensive of the two?
Which is the heavier of the two?
The two banks consolidated and formed a single large bank.
The two parties allied to defeat the bill.
Choose between the two.
The two roads join here.
Two heads are better than one.
Twice two is equal to four.
The bells chimed as the couple left the church.
Both of us are very fond of curry and steak.
Both are my colleagues.
Two doctors were talking shop.
Two detectives followed the suspect.
The two boys look more alike than I thought.
What are you two doing?
They got married.
They hated each other.
I will not do it again.
Get out of my life!
Don't come again.
Jiro is not in.
The price of meat dropped.
Which do you like better, meat or fish?
I'll put some salt on the meat.
Meat, please.
Some stars are hardly visible to the naked eye.
The rainbow has seven colors.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
Sunlight brightens the room.
The sun is rising.
The sun has gone down.
Day by day he seemed to get better.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
The sun was hot and they were tired.
It's getting warmer day by day.
I come from Japan.
That isn't the case in Japan.
What do you do in Japan?
In Japan almost all roads are single lane.
In Japan a new school year starts in April.
In Japan we may criticize the government freely.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
What do you think of Japan?
Do you have a Christmas vacation in Japan?
We have a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
No other mountain in Japan is higher than Mt. Fuji.
Have you decided to go to Japan?
Have you ever been to Japan?
Do you have any Japanese beer?
No other city in Japan is as large as Tokyo.
When does the rainy season in Japan begin?
No other singer in Japan is as popular as she.
The economy of Japan is still stable.
The Japanese economy grew by 4% last year.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
How many different pieces are there in Japanese chess?
This is a Japanese doll.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
The population of Japan is much larger than that of Australia.
I'm from Tokyo, Japan.
Japan is not what it was ten years ago.
Japan declared war on the United States in December, 1941.
Japan is not as large as Canada.
Japan is smaller than Canada.
Japan imports oranges from California.
What will become of Japan?
Japan is hot and sticky in summer.
Japan is full of surprises!
Japan is an industrial nation.
Japan is an industrial country.
Japan has a high population density.
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Japan imports a large quantity of oil.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
Japan has diplomatic relations with China.
Japan is to the east of China.
Japan is in eastern Asia.
Japan is a beautiful country.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
Japan is a rich country.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
Welcome to Japan.
The Japanese economy developed rapidly.
"How do you say ""thank you"" in Japanese?"
Don't speak in Japanese.
How can I contact a Japanese-speaking doctor?
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Japanese has something in common with Korean.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
Does someone here speak Japanese?
Where is the boarding gate for Japan Airlines 124?
Have you got used to eating Japanese food yet?
Do you like Japanese food?
Even Japanese can make mistakes when they speak Japanese.
It's very difficult even for a Japanese to put on a kimono.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
The Japanese have dark eyes.
The Japanese government made an important decision.
Where is the Japanese Embassy?
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
Let's meet on Sunday.
Is Sunday the first day of the week?
It has been raining since Sunday.
It being Sunday, the shops were not open.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
Some people go to church on Sunday morning.
Can you come on Sunday evening?
We always take it easy on Sundays.
I relaxed at home last Sunday.
Sunday is the last day of the week.
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
It's occupied.
Might I come in?
I never thought they would accept me.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
What time does the club open?
Free Admission.
How much is the entrance fee?
My urine is clear.
I'm four months pregnant.
I'm expecting.
Let's do a pregnancy test.
Patience is a rare virtue these days.
I have no patience.
Wet clothes cling to the body.
Take off your wet clothes.
A cat has nine lives.
Cats are very clean animals.
Cats dislike being wet.
A cat can see in the dark.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
The cat crept toward the bird.
Cats like playing in the sun.
The cat was basking in the sun.
The cat arched its back.
Cats are active at night.
I'd like to have some hot chocolate.
I have a fever.
Heat is a form of energy.
Heat turns water into steam.
Have you ever ridden in a hot air balloon?
Don't make fun of old people.
No one is so old but he can learn.
She became more and more beautiful as she grew older.
The older we get, the weaker our memory becomes.
Years passed.
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
I am eighteen years old.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
The waves are high.
Basho was the greatest poet.
I saw a horse galloping toward me.
A horse can run very fast.
A horse is an animal.
Horses are useful animals.
The horse is a useful animal.
Tie the horse to that tree.
Nonsense!
Come on, don't be silly.
This is silly!
I have pain when urinating.
I have to eat, too.
My back still hurts.
I was kicked in the back.
When will the rainy season be over?
I have to go shopping.
Can you do some shopping for me?
Visitors were few at the museum.
Where is the entrance to the museum?
I understand the museum is closed on Mondays.
Is this the right way to the museum?
The exhibition will be open for another month.
Two little squirrels, a white squirrel and a black squirrel, lived in a large forest.
Is it white?
I like the one with a white belt.
A white yacht was sailing over the sea.
White doves are pretty birds.
The lady dressed in white is a famous actress.
The girl dressed in white is his fiancée.
We have a black and white dog.
Her gray hair makes her look older than her age.
An A-bomb is a terrible weapon.
There are some eggs in the box.
There is a doll in the box.
I have dry skin.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
Look at the girl whose hair is long.
I have to comb my hair.
You look nice with your hair short.
The fine shall be paid in cash.
Your tooth must be extracted.
The pigeon has flown away.
He will be here in half an hour.
Half of the melons were eaten.
Give me half of it.
A revolt broke out.
Crime does not pay.
Crime doesn't pay.
The criminal was sent into exile.
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.
The criminal came out of the house with arms raised.
You've got the wrong number.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
He can't be under thirty.
Is he your teacher?
It is definite that he will go to America.
Have you heard from him since he left for America?
What he says makes no sense at all.
I don't know when he'll come back.
Do you know when he will come?
I do not know for certain when he will come.
He can't have told a lie.
It was obvious that he was lying.
I have never heard him lie.
I will go when he comes back.
I expect him to come.
When he was here, he would swim in the morning.
I don't know when he'll be here.
He comes back from Sydney today.
It was impolite of him to do so.
What he said is true.
He may be there.
He decided not to buy the house, because in the first place it was too expensive, and in the second place it was too far from his office.
He cannot have said that.
He designed the car.
I have the impression that he knows the secret.
Can he have said such a thing?
Do you know where he bought his camera?
I don't know where he comes from.
Do you know where he went?
I had been reading a letter when he came in.
He has good reason to get very angry.
Two months have passed since he left for France.
If you were to hear him speak French, you would take him for a Frenchman.
He hasn't come yet.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
Let's wait here till he comes back.
I wish he would write more often.
It is clear that he is guilty.
He thought of a good solution.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
He was a great influence on me.
He wrote to me yesterday.
I received an invitation from him, but didn't accept it.
I had a phone call from him.
Have you heard from him?
He acted as our guide.
His decision to retire surprised all of us.
It's obvious that you told a lie.
The car he's driving is not his.
When he got to the station, the train had already left.
I heard him coming downstairs.
I found him a genius at chemistry.
We don't care what he does.
Guess what he told me.
What do you think he did?
I don't care what he does.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
Do you know what he said?
He broke into a house.
I never heard him sing.
He sang a song.
I expect that he will help us.
I wish he had attended the meeting.
There is no hope of his recovery.
It is this window that he broke.
I heard him go down the stairs.
Did you see him go out?
Look at the book which he put on the desk.
I'll wait here till he comes back.
He was elected chairman.
I caught him stealing the money.
I am convinced that he is innocent.
Few students could understand what he said.
What he said may well be true.
What he said is not true.
What he said counts for nothing.
What he said turned out to be true.
Do you believe what he said?
I remember what he said.
Only a few understood what he said.
I like him.
I wish he were here now.
He was the first person to arrive.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
He has been dead for three years.
It has been ten years since he died.
Ten years have passed since he died.
He has been dead for five years.
If only he would marry me!
I saw him looking at me.
I know he is watching me.
He came to my rescue.
It is certain that he will pass the examination.
He is the president of the company in fact.
There is not much possibility of his coming on time.
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle.
I didn't know he had decided to leave his job.
I am afraid he will make a mistake.
I saw him wash the car.
The place where he lives is far from town.
I heard him go out.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
There is a good chance that he will win.
There is little chance of his winning.
When he smiled, the children saw his long, gray teeth.
When does his train arrive at Kyoto?
He owes his success to good luck.
I hope that he will succeed.
He can't be an honest man.
The examination he took last week was very hard.
I saw him running.
The apples which he sent to me were delicious.
He sent me a birthday card.
I'll give him this message the moment he arrives.
He must have missed the train.
It is rare for him to get angry.
There is no need for him to work.
He was seen crossing the road.
He has been in Japan for three years.
He told her and she smiled.
He can't be ill.
He fell ill three years ago.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
I will tell him so when he comes back.
I could not but admire his courage.
I bet five dollars that he will not come.
It is a pity that he can't come.
The girl to whom he is speaking is Nancy.
He is the very man for the job.
Only he read the letter.
He is my type!
I feel comfortable in his company.
I dream of seeing him there.
He and his companion asked me to come along with them.
Don't get too close with him.
I haven't met him.
He is a childhood friend.
Shake hands with him.
I feel secure with him.
I'm going fishing with him.
I was happy to see him.
It is no use arguing with him.
I have nothing in common with him.
He and I are cousins.
He and I are teachers.
Have you known him for a long time?
Did you ever talk to him?
He can say such things.
He deserves a promotion.
Don't speak to him like that.
I asked him to do that.
I gave him the book.
Let him do it alone.
Give him a break!
What I told you about him also holds good for his brother.
Ask him where he parked his car.
Everything went well with him.
It will be difficult for him to speak in public.
She is everything to him.
He has a son and two daughters.
He has two daughters.
He has no less than three hundred books.
I'd rather not meet him.
He was suspect in that he had no alibi.
I'm always surprised by him.
He has no girlfriend.
I don't remember when I first met him.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
He is unable to do it.
He had a strong alibi.
He talks as if he knew everything.
He has another son.
I have not seen him in months.
He has a brother and two sisters.
He has three brothers.
He had three sons.
He has no children.
He hasn't any children.
He has no house in which to live.
I haven't met him before.
He has a great sense of humour.
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
He lacks moral sense.
He doesn't have any friends.
He has a large family to support.
Have you sent him a Christmas card yet?
It is no use asking him again.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
Please say hello to him for me.
I want him to sing a song.
How often do you see him?
Will you sell your house to him?
I would like to meet him.
You didn't see him.
I mentioned your name to him.
I got him to clean my room.
We learned that he had an accident.
He is impossible to beat.
He got a new job.
My attitude towards him changed.
Tell him to wait.
I wrote a long letter to him.
I hope he will live long.
I called him up.
Did you telephone him?
I'll give him a buzz.
Please call him up.
Don't tell him the answer.
Grab him.
Give him the benefit of the doubt.
Have him come.
It is useless to talk to him.
You may speak to him.
I didn't need to tell him.
That nickname fits him perfectly.
None of his advice was very useful.
His uncle died five years ago.
His grandmother looks healthy.
His aunt takes care of his dog during the day.
His brother passed away last month.
His brother is a famous soccer player.
His mother is an English teacher.
I do not know anything about him.
Tell me about him.
His shirt was stained with sauce.
His foolish proposal was approved unanimously.
He is taller than his brother.
The odds are in his favor.
He did a real snow job on my daughter.
He has a very good sense of humor.
I'm annoyed at his selfishness.
His opinion doesn't count.
I think his opinion is of great importance.
His opinion is reasonable.
His ideas sound crazy.
His ashes are buried here.
His speech impressed us very much.
His wife is French.
I would rather quit than work under him.
There's been a death in his family.
His house was sold for $10,000.
His house is within a stone's throw of his school.
His house is easy to find.
His house was small and old.
His house is for sale.
His house is at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
His family works in the fields.
His answer was far from satisfactory.
His face brightened.
His face was covered with mud.
His wish is to go to America.
I think I hurt his feelings.
His memory amazes me.
His record will never be broken.
He is well paid.
I wish I knew where he was!
We thought his threat was only a joke.
His shoes are brown.
There is a hole in his sock.
His brother goes to school by bus.
His brother is more patient than he is.
I agree with his plan.
His plan was discarded.
No attention was paid to his warning.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
His dog barks at me.
What he says is true.
Pay attention to what he says.
I think that he is right.
Do as he tells you.
Do you believe him?
I did not understand him at all.
All he said was true.
What he said was not true.
His words hurt her feelings.
His words offended me.
What do his words imply?
His words sound reasonable.
I don't know how to interpret his words.
His mistake was intentional.
His way of thinking is very childish.
His idea is identical with mine.
His soul was in heaven.
His wife comes from California.
I admire your talent.
His work is now complete.
His work is washing cars.
He is doing well.
His sister looks young.
Each of his children has his own room.
He died of cancer.
His poems are difficult to understand.
Forget him.
His office is on the eighth floor.
His failure has nothing to do with me.
I was very confused by his questions.
He compared the copy with the original.
His car has no wheels.
His car was seriously damaged.
His car is a Ford.
His car is a new model.
His car has just been repaired.
We are disturbing him.
His debts amount to 100,000 yen.
What does he say in his letter?
I have to answer his letter.
Remember to answer his letter.
His hobbies are playing the guitar and singing.
His hobby is collecting old stamps.
His cousin, whose name I forget, was a nurse.
I need his help.
You can't count on his help.
His advice is of no use.
Among his novels, I like this best.
I haven't read any of his novels.
I do not read his novels.
His novel was translated into Japanese.
His joke made us all laugh.
He is a doctor by profession.
His behavior was theatrical.
His behavior is worthy of praise.
His behavior is worthy of respect.
His new novel will come out next month.
His new book is going to come out next month.
How tall is he?
I'm satisfied with his progress.
His object in life was to become a musician.
I have access to his library.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
Let's drink to his success.
It is obvious that he is right.
I think his life is in danger.
He has a loud voice.
Some people questioned his honesty.
His explanation doesn't make sense at all.
I didn't attend his funeral.
I have twice as many books as he.
His son became a famous pianist.
His son is eight years old.
His son is serving his sentence.
He has long legs.
He has turned 180 degrees around.
I almost forgot that it was his birthday.
His birthday is August 21st.
His suggestion is worth considering.
His proposal was not acceptable.
His proposal is not worth talking about.
His efforts bore fruit.
He answered incorrectly.
His answer depends on his mood.
His sudden death was a tragedy.
What is his age?
His old cat is still alive.
Her hair comes to her shoulders.
His hair has turned white.
His criticisms were out of place.
His plane has not arrived at the airport yet.
His smile put her at ease.
His father eats there twice a week.
Is his father a doctor?
His father administers some companies.
It seems that his father is a lawyer.
His father had died of cancer 10 years ago.
His wounded leg began to bleed again.
His clothes are out of fashion.
His story was interesting.
His reply was negative.
His mother is American.
His mother came to pick him up.
His report does not sound true.
His sister is not going to America.
His dream has come true at last.
His dream came true.
His dream is to study chemistry in the US.
I can't stand his impoliteness.
His daughter is a nurse.
His name is on the tip of my tongue.
I know him by name.
Do you remember his name?
Few students knew his name.
Don't you know his name?
I forget his name.
I'm afraid for his life.
His word is law.
We must execute his orders.
His eyes are blue.
His object is to pass the test.
His brave action is worthy of a medal.
There are two doctors in his circle of friends, a surgeon and an ophthalmologist.
He is reasonable in his demands.
It doesn't matter whether he comes late or not.
It is difficult to understand his theory.
Both his parents are dead.
I don't like his way of talking.
His stories entertained us for hours.
His story is strange, but it's believable.
His story sounds strange.
I can hardly believe his story.
His story made us laugh.
Is his story true?
His story is true.
His story turned out to be true.
His story must be true.
He seems happy.
He's been working all day long.
He studies American history.
He was English.
He likes Italian food.
He is, so to speak, a bookworm.
He kicked it.
He likes this guitar.
He's sexy.
He cut the envelope open.
He is watching TV.
He's a volleyball player.
He is no longer here.
He speaks English fluently.
He enjoyed those visits.
He seems to be rich.
He has a dog.
He has been playing tennis since this morning.
He asked me where my uncle lived.
He declined my proposal.
He tries.
He likes to go to the beach now and then.
He has a bicycle.
He attributed his success to good luck.
He was mainly interested in the origin and development of the universe.
He was, is, and will be, my best friend.
He is out of pocket.
He's a big boy.
He studies Chinese.
He won't be away for long.
He is the eldest.
He is waiting for a telephone call.
He goes to school on foot.
He acts quickly.
He keeps two cats.
He speaks Japanese as if he were Japanese.
He speaks Japanese well.
He gives her everything she asks for.
He's a strange character.
He took off his hat.
He gave a big yawn!
He is able to speak ten languages.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He came home at ten.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He will be back in ten minutes.
He left ten minutes ago.
He turned off all the lights at eleven.
He went to London in 1970.
He was born in the 19th century.
He slept an hour.
He turned up an hour later.
He got the first prize.
He took a day off.
He will come back in a few days.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
He is the older of the two.
Has he lived here for two years?
He has been in Japan for two years.
He gave up smoking two years ago.
He came to Japan two years ago.
He became the company president when he was thirty.
He is about thirty.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.
He finished school in March.
He will return within 3 hours.
He was underwater for three minutes.
He has two children, aged 4 and 1.
He promised me that he would come at four.
He came at about four o'clock.
He has no fewer than five hundred books.
He had fifty dollars.
He is always here between 5 and 6 o'clock.
He must be over sixty.
He is close to sixty.
He returned from Holland in June.
He promised me he would be here at six.
He died at the age of seventy.
He arrived at the station at seven.
He came to Japan seven years ago.
He lived to be eighty years old.
He is eight.
He has been studying French for eight years.
He is a DJ.
He is full of new ideas.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
He talks as if he were rich.
He travels around.
He fell asleep immediately.
He wants to meet you.
He doesn't understand you.
Is he a friend of yours?
He loves you very much.
He is in fear of the dog.
He declined their invitation.
He was born in Africa.
He drinks too much.
He was too young to go to school.
He was too angry to speak.
He is not very good at mathematics.
He talks too fast.
He doesn't read many books.
He came back from America.
He has gone to America.
He returned to America.
He wants to go to the United States.
He is an American.
He is not an American.
He is not an American but an Englishman.
He has access to the American Embassy.
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.
He was nearly drowned.
He never drinks alcohol.
He is rarely, if ever, late for appointments.
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.
He claims that he is a painter.
He married Ann.
He earns a good salary.
He will be a good teacher.
He had to part with his house.
He has been to England twice.
He has gone to Britain.
He comes from England.
How old is he?
How many does he want?
He'll know the secret sooner or later.
He was born in a small town in Italy.
He is an Italian.
He has a basket full of strawberries.
Will he ever come back?
When did he arrive here?
When did he come here?
He always treats me like a child.
He is always complaining of this and that.
He's always short of money.
He is always as busy as a bee.
He arrived late as usual.
Don't fall for his old tricks.
He's always asking silly questions.
He arrived earlier than usual.
He always studies hard.
He always works hard.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
He is not always in the office in the morning.
He is always happy.
He always quarrels with his wife.
He is always losing his umbrella.
He's always breaking into our conversation.
He is always with me.
He is always friendly to me.
He is always finding fault with me.
He is always joking.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He always wears blue shirts.
He is always finding fault with other people.
He doesn't always come late.
He is not always late.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
He keeps making the same mistake.
He always speaks well of her.
He is always complaining.
He always talks as if he knows everything.
He is always studying.
He always tells the truth.
He's always reading comics.
He is always looking to the future.
He is always cheerful.
He always keeps his word.
When did he go to Europe?
When will he go home?
He didn't specify when he would return.
He went to stay with his cousin.
He's swimming now.
He did the work against his will.
He is what we call a musical genius.
He is not what is called a gentleman.
He cried for joy.
He was brought up in Australia.
He took off his overcoat.
He is likely to come.
He left for America the day before yesterday.
He was born in Ohio.
He's a carbon copy of his father.
He had no money.
How much money does he have?
He has no money.
He denied having stolen the money.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
He looks like his father.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
He was accompanied by his girlfriend.
He didn't take an umbrella with him.
He has a cold.
He used to love her.
He came back from Canada.
He is on the point of leaving for Canada.
He married a Canadian girl.
He speaks English fairly well.
He saw a pretty girl.
He did not die of cancer.
He plays the guitar very well.
He is able to play the guitar.
I have three dogs.
He is sure to win.
He is sure to come.
He was busy yesterday afternoon.
What did he do yesterday?
Is he any better today?
He is making cookies.
He hates spiders.
He filled the glass with wine.
He is the tallest in his class.
He gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
He never tells lies.
He never keeps his word.
He never gave in to temptation.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
He doesn't like coffee.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
He is addicted to cocaine.
He is playing here.
He came here ten minutes ago.
He isn't here, is he?
He told a funny story.
He emptied his glass.
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.
He behaved like a child.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
He showed me how to use this camera.
I don't think he has anything to do with the matter.
He does not have to do this.
He has been gaining weight.
Does he live near here?
He lives in this neighborhood.
He has this large room to himself.
He is fond of this kind of music.
He is the richest man on earth.
He is the happiest man on earth.
He came back last August.
He is from this town.
He lives near here.
He was buried in this graveyard.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
He is in trouble.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
He is playing golf.
He doesn't eat this, does he?
He can't walk any more.
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.
He is afraid to swim.
He enjoyed cycling.
He likes soccer.
He is good at soccer.
He plays soccer.
He likes playing soccer.
He is a soccer player.
He asked for more money.
He believes in Santa Claus.
He is older than Jane by two years.
He is busy doing something.
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
He often eats breakfast there.
He often asks silly questions.
He is often absent from school.
He often drives his father's car.
He often falls in love.
He stayed here for a while.
He hesitated for a while.
He rested for a while.
We decided to leave him alone for a while.
He has gone to Switzerland.
He broke his leg skiing.
He lives close by.
He came back soon.
He left immediately.
He fell asleep right away.
He will be back soon.
He will come back soon.
He is skating.
He doesn't mince words.
He remained steadfast to his principles.
He remained silent.
He found a nice apartment for Mary.
He has already finished his work.
He has already gone out.
He has already said yes.
He was under suspicion of being a spy.
He is a good athlete.
He accelerated.
He was absolved of all responsibility.
He had a lot of things to do.
He isn't happy at all.
He may have said so.
He didn't make public what he had discovered there.
He will arrive there about five o'clock.
He was alone there.
He forgot his promise to go there.
He sat there smoking a pipe.
Did he go there?
He made up his mind to go there.
He told me about it in private.
He is on the team.
He finished the beer and ordered another.
The translation of the French novel took him more than three months.
He ate all of the apple.
He took part in the race.
We have never heard him sing the song.
He has decided not to go to the meeting.
He is rich enough to buy the painting.
He got lost in the city.
He was admitted to the school.
He was not aware of the danger.
He didn't participate in the discussion.
He wants to participate in the contest.
He had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan.
He was satisfied with the result.
He threw a stone at the dog.
He is afraid of the dog.
He denied the accusation.
He adopted the orphan.
He seems to have left the country.
Is he aware of the difficulty?
He is accustomed to the work.
He applied for the job and got it.
He accepted the job.
He was injured in the accident.
He was the only witness of the accident.
He used the dictionary.
He needs to answer the question.
He works in the laboratory.
He deserves the prize.
He is not qualified for the job.
He offered a big bribe to the politician.
He swam across the river.
He attempted to swim across the river.
He defeated his opponent in the election.
He was known to everybody in the village.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He is at university.
He killed him.
He was surprised at the news.
How did he take the news?
He knows the city well.
He participated in the debate.
He put the box on the table.
He deserves the punishment.
It is said that he knows the secret.
He went aboard the plane.
He died of that disease.
He translated the book from French into English.
He picked up the book.
He continued reading the book.
He finished reading the book.
He was able to read the book.
He wanted to buy the book.
He climbed the tree without difficulty.
He solved the difficult problem easily.
He tried to solve the problem.
They are looking into the problem.
He hurried so that he wouldn't miss the train.
He is not such a fool as to believe that story.
He made up the whole story.
He told his brother the story.
He is lying on the sofa.
He mentioned it.
He admitted that it was true.
He is not so tall.
He denied having done it.
He denies having done it.
He told me to do it, so I did it.
He may have seen it.
He must have seen it.
He gave it to me for nothing.
He will do his best to finish it on time.
He has ants in his pants.
He denied having said such a thing.
He did not expect to live so long.
What a lucky person he is!
He runs very fast.
He plays the violin very well.
He worked very hard.
They say he is very rich.
He speaks English very well.
He came home very late.
He is very careful.
He is being very careful.
He wetted his towel with water.
He bought a lot of flour and oil.
He has a large number of books.
He reads a great deal.
He eats a lot.
He need not have called a taxi.
He raised his hand to stop a taxi.
He is powerful.
He only had 100 dollars.
He went out just now.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
He decided to quit smoking.
He stopped smoking.
He stopped to smoke.
He is trying to quit smoking.
He is trying hard to give up smoking.
He is often late for school.
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
Whose friend is he?
He is by far the best student.
We regard him as the best player on the team.
He was elected captain of the team.
He is the captain of the team.
He did exactly as I had told him.
He has just come home.
He is something of a musician.
He is something of a celebrity.
He hesitated for a moment.
He gets tired easily.
He is unsociable.
He has a lot of acquaintances.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
He found the box under the table.
He does not like tennis.
He plays very well.
He wants to be a tennis player.
He is a tennis player.
He played tennis.
He likes to watch TV.
He turned the key.
He rang the doorbell.
He is in front of the door.
He opened the door.
He knocked at the door.
He speaks English with a German accent.
He is unpopular for some reason.
He will not say yes.
He would not take the money.
He will not listen to me.
He finally got his wish.
He managed to pass the examination.
He managed to escape.
He is not coming, apparently.
How does he go to school?
Where was he born?
Where does he live?
Where does he come from?
Where did he go?
Which direction did he go?
He looked very happy.
He has an interesting book.
They say that he is very rich.
He is too much of a coward to attempt it.
He is strong as a horse.
He's very ill.
He was very thirsty and asked for some water.
They looked very happy.
He was very happy.
He feels very happy.
He seems quite happy.
He has a very expensive watch.
He is a very thoughtful person.
He is anything but a poet.
He's much younger than Tom.
He is too sensitive.
He can play tennis very well.
He is very friendly, so I enjoy working with him.
He is very honest.
He drives very fast.
He is very angry.
He studies very hard.
He is very tall.
He was very tired.
He was very tired, so he went to bed early.
He looks very tired.
He is so impolite that everyone hates him.
He's shorter than Tom.
He has a Toyota.
He's good at cards.
He walked rapidly.
He was sharpening a knife.
He has great confidence in himself.
I wonder why he was absent.
He hates Nancy.
How fast he runs!
How tall he is!
He made a lot of money in New York and went back to the small town where he was born.
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
He has a cat and two dogs.
He muttered a curse.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
He is a student at Harvard.
He put his foot on the ladder.
He got off the bus.
Does he go to work by bus?
Did he come by bus or by train?
He is a bus driver.
Does he go to school by bus?
He likes bread and butter.
He likes ham and eggs.
He went to London via Paris.
He had barely enough money to buy bread and milk.
He became a pianist.
He knows how to play the piano.
Does he play the piano?
He was playing the piano.
He asked for a beer.
He drank three bottles of beer.
He has a Picasso.
He is afraid of his own shadow.
He was too drunk to drive home.
He got very drunk.
He looked quite tired.
He was very poor.
He is very depressed.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
He comes here once a month.
He filled the bottle with water.
He has been to France.
He has not been to France.
He decided to go to France.
He has visited France three times.
He is acquainted with the modern history of France.
He understands French.
He knows neither French nor German.
He has a good knowledge of French.
He can speak French well.
He speaks French.
He could speak French.
Can he speak French?
He sat on the bed.
He died fighting in the Vietnam War.
He's not at all afraid of snakes.
He arrived after the bell rang.
He is a heroin addict.
He kicked the ball.
He threw the ball.
He has much more money than I have.
He has come from Boston.
He stood aloof.
He stayed at a hotel for a couple of days.
He hardly works.
He comes here almost every day.
He comes to see me nearly every day.
He is about my age.
He was really a child of his times.
He is the Edison of Japan.
He was about to start.
Is he still here?
He is still here.
He came here again.
He is still on the payroll of the company.
He is still sitting on the bench.
He is still full of energy.
He lost his umbrella again.
He hasn't appeared yet.
He has not realized his mistakes yet.
He is still young.
He hasn't written the letter yet.
He is still alive.
It is said that he is still alive.
He hasn't arrived yet.
He is still not accustomed to city life.
He is still angry.
He still wants to come.
He is still standing.
He does not watch TV at all.
He lives in the woods all by himself.
He is not honest at all.
He looks just like his mother.
He was not at all satisfied.
Will he be here soon?
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He behaved as if he were crazy.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He lives as if he were a millionaire.
He often quotes Milton.
They were all surprised to see me there.
He is liked by everybody.
He put the ring on Mary's finger.
They made fun of Mary.
He wore glasses.
He is making great progress in English.
He rarely gives up.
He no longer works here.
He no longer lives here.
He will soon come back.
He is expected to come home soon.
He's already left.
He is now almost as tall as his father is.
He has already gone home.
He is no longer a member of our club.
He is old enough to understand it.
Has he finished his homework yet?
He is no longer a boy.
As he is already of age, he can vote.
Has he arrived already?
He has already had lunch.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to look after him.
He demanded better pay.
He has a good memory.
He lacks motivation.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He has a sense of humor.
He was walking slowly down the street.
He walks slowly.
He will become a good doctor.
He chose a good wife.
He has a naturally good memory.
He was looking for a good job.
He has a sweet voice.
He will be a good husband.
He often plays the guitar.
He talks well.
He has a big mouth.
He's often late for work.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He often quotes the Bible.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
He works very hard.
He often paints landscapes.
He is a man of his word.
He is either drunk or mad.
He is good at rugby.
He was a rugby player.
He started to learn Spanish from the radio.
He turned on the radio.
He acted the part of King Lear.
He let go of the rope.
He can both speak and write Russian.
He can speak Russian as well.
He speaks Russian perfectly.
He is known as a rock singer.
He drank a bottle of wine.
He gives plain, simple explanations.
He is well known in our country.
He didn't do it on purpose.
He made a mistake on purpose.
He is a lovable person.
He lost his balance and fell down.
He was afraid of the dark.
He came back after dark.
He decided to study harder.
He was a great musician.
He became a great musician.
He is a great scientist.
He's the chairman of the committee.
He is a medical student.
He is a doctor.
He is proud of being a doctor.
Is he a doctor?
He is not a doctor.
He wishes to become a doctor.
He abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
He looked like a doctor.
He made believe he was a doctor.
He has been sick for a week.
He wanted to come with us.
He lives here all alone.
He had dinner by himself.
He was alone.
He likes to travel alone.
He did not sleep a wink.
He tries hard.
He must have studied English hard.
He carried six boxes at a time.
He has never played golf.
He slept all day.
He earns twenty dollars a day.
He died one year ago.
He was killed by a single bullet.
He is the tallest boy.
He went out in the rain.
He was punished for lying.
He denied the rumor.
He learned how to swim.
He can't swim.
He went to sea to swim.
He seems unable to swim.
He can swim.
He learned to swim.
He is weak in English.
Does he speak English?
He read a book written in English.
He keeps a diary in English.
He is a teacher of English.
He has made rapid progress in English.
He can speak neither English nor French.
He speaks English well.
He doesn't know English at all.
He earns his living by teaching English.
He teaches English.
He knows no English.
He has to speak English.
He speaks English.
Can he speak English?
He studied English history.
He believes that he is a hero.
He arrived at the station.
He exchanged yen for dollars.
He delivered a speech.
He was speaking.
He does not smoke.
He has two pencils; one is long and the other short.
He was afraid of his wife.
He gave three wrong answers.
He was more than a king.
It is said that he is a billionaire.
He cleared the roof of snow.
He likes music very much.
He is very fond of music.
He not only likes music, but also sports.
He seemed to be very keen on music.
He is interested in music.
He was listening to music.
He wrote a letter, listening to music.
It appears that he is a musician.
He is going to the concert.
He is poor at chemistry.
Did he propose any solutions?
He wants something cold to drink.
He is a type of a person who calls a spade a spade.
He finds faults with everything I do.
What is he up to?
He returned home without telling us.
He is good for nothing.
He has nothing to do.
He did nothing wrong.
He hasn't left any message.
What does he want to do?
What is he talking about? It just doesn't make sense.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
He came back after many years.
He likes swimming in summer.
He was at home.
Is he at home?
He went back home.
He lives near my house.
He has left his family.
He has just left home.
He deals in furniture.
He ran away from home.
He likes to cook for his family.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
He took a photograph of the family.
He abandoned his family.
He is a scientist.
He eats nothing more than fruit.
He kept singing.
He started singing.
He is a good singer.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
He dropped a vase.
He accidentally hit his thumb with the hammer.
He is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country.
He is arrogant toward us.
He is the best player on our team.
He lives next door to us.
He is a painter.
He didn't attend the meeting.
He won't be in time for the meeting.
He is an office worker.
He found a broken camera.
He fixed the broken table.
He's afraid of the sea.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
He is known to everybody.
He came downstairs.
He tumbled down the stairs.
He is outgoing.
He lived abroad for many years.
He has never been abroad.
He decided to go abroad.
He went abroad.
He has gone out.
He is a student.
He has a beard.
He is full of energy.
He was blue from the cold.
He is very sensitive to cold.
He is far from perfect.
He was covered with sweat.
He likes sweets.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
He made a mistake.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
He is wearing glasses.
He knows a lot of people.
He was almost drowned.
He is at his desk.
He laid the book on the desk.
He moved the desk to the right.
He is in a bad mood.
He has gone mad.
He has a bad temper.
He began to feel ill.
He got on the train.
He got off the train.
He explained the rules in detail.
He lost his memory.
He killed time in a coffee shop watching girls pass by.
He writes scripts.
He went down the hill.
He's gone on holiday to the Mediterranean.
He grew a beard while he was on holiday.
He burst into laughter.
He suddenly fell ill.
He has ten cows.
He died of cancer last year.
He stopped smoking last year.
He had long hair last year.
He lives in an enormous house.
He doesn't like fish.
He caught three fish.
He lives in Kyoto.
He is studying at Kyoto University.
He began to shout.
He's strong.
He looks strong.
He was paralyzed with terror.
He's a teacher and so am I.
He is a teacher.
He earns his living by teaching.
He acted like a madman.
He looked at me in surprise.
He fell backward.
He isn't a diligent student.
He renounced smoking and drinking.
He took a short cut.
He asked for the money.
He sold his country for money.
He married for money.
He doesn't know what to do with his money.
He asked for some money.
He is generous with his money.
He is said to be rich.
He seems to have been rich.
He is rich and I am poor.
He's not rich, but he's happy.
He looked like a rich man.
He was born rich.
He married a rich girl.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
He is employed in a bank.
He had a lot of money in the bank.
He went into the bank.
"He said, ""It's nine o'clock."""
He had a bitter experience.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
He called his mother up from the airport.
He found his lost camera by chance.
He runs a shoe shop.
He had his socks on inside out.
He runs as fast as you.
Is he kind to you?
Did he tell you what to do?
He was scared you would shoot him.
He is angry with you.
He's stronger than you.
He may have misunderstood you.
He is on duty.
He was sentenced to death.
He was put in prison.
He is less patient than his brother.
Does he have any brothers?
He lacks experience.
He has much economic knowledge.
He is a great authority on economics.
He's good at arithmetic.
He ran at the sight of the policeman.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
He was subjected to torture by the police.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He is anything but a liar.
He never lies.
People say he never dies.
He is no ordinary student.
He is not at all a gentleman.
He changed his mind.
He lacks decisiveness.
He dug a hole.
He was right after all.
He is married with two children.
I wonder if he is married.
He is unmarried.
He was happily married.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He gets a haircut three times a month.
He goes to London once a month.
He went to New York on Monday.
He looks healthy.
He was killed with a sword.
He is an aggressive person.
He struck me in the face with his fist.
He has one dog and six cats.
He gave the dog a bone.
Does he have a dog?
He is much afraid of dogs.
He is afraid of dogs.
He dedicates himself to research.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
He has broad shoulders.
He isn't as stupid as he looks.
He is not as young as he looks.
He is much older than he looks.
He has acted wisely.
He put the key in the lock.
He looked for the key.
He looks well.
He looked well.
He is a Chopin for our times.
He's the Bach of today.
He took back everything he said.
He did what he was told.
He didn't know how to express himself.
He had trouble breathing.
He hid himself behind the door.
He lives far away from his hometown.
He was exiled from his own country.
He has no friends to talk with.
He regrets his mistake.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
He lost his life in a traffic accident.
He met with a traffic accident.
He likes walking in the park.
He was arrested for abusing public funds.
He insulted me in public.
He wears thick glasses.
He made up an excuse.
He can do whatever he likes with the money.
Curiosity got the better of him.
He works in a factory.
He is happy.
He seems to be happy.
He lives in a large house.
He thrust some coins into my pocket.
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
He ordered a cup of tea.
He will not go.
He behaved badly.
He is a man of action.
He forged the steel into a sword.
He gave in.
He has a long nose.
He was dressed in black.
Is he studying now?
He still writes to me from time to time.
He is watching TV now.
Where is he running now?
I wonder where he is now.
He is now staying in Paris.
He is swimming in the pool.
What is he doing now?
He's reading a novel now.
He is studying in the library now.
He is very busy now.
He got up earlier than usual this morning.
He will play tennis with his friends.
He is off duty today.
He will not come today.
He is at home today.
He may come today.
He is reading a book.
Will he come this evening?
He writes to his parents once a month.
He's at church right now.
He caught the ball with his left hand.
He uses honey instead of sugar.
He likes coffee without sugar.
He sat reading a book.
He ended up in jail.
He was the first man to cross the Pacific.
He hasn't got over the death of his wife yet.
He has no wife, no children and no friends.
He survived his wife.
He was accompanied by his wife.
He grows tomatoes in his garden.
He confessed his guilt.
His wealth has not made him happy.
He had his wallet stolen.
He slept well last night.
He did not eat anything yesterday.
He returned from abroad yesterday.
He died yesterday.
He visited Kyoto last year.
He changed schools last year.
Was he in Hokkaido last year?
He practices playing the guitar far into the night.
He came home late last night.
He was hanged for murder.
He was accused of murder.
He is guilty of murder.
He was found guilty of murder.
He won the third prize.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
He is taking a walk.
He was blind from birth.
He died from lack of oxygen.
As soon as work is over, he makes a beeline for the pub.
He is busy with his work.
He came to Tokyo in search of employment.
He changed his job.
He had an accident at work.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He will come back at four.
He has three elder sisters.
He gave his children a good education.
He was severe with his children.
He shook hands with the mayor.
He was nearing his end.
Will he die?
He is afraid of death.
He was at the gate of death.
He didn't fear death.
He was condemned to death.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
He stole my watch.
He helped me carry the chair.
He lost a watch which I had bought him a week before.
He believes whatever I say.
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He is about my size.
He told us an interesting story.
My mother told us an interesting story.
He wants to see us again.
He did not say a word to us.
He teaches us English.
He is a British teacher who teaches us English.
He dropped in to see us.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He tried speaking French to us.
He showed us his mother's picture.
He brought us sad news.
He got angry with us.
He is the fastest runner in our class.
He knows neither of us.
He rejected our offer.
He knows us very well.
He led us to the station.
He seems to know us.
He took us to the zoo.
He is as tall as I.
He is as old as I.
He uses the same dictionary as I do.
He telephoned me again and again.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
He showed me his album.
He showed me his photograph album.
He told me an interesting story.
He gave me this book.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He gave it to me.
He found me a taxi.
He has been like a father to me.
He is an ideal husband for me.
He is very kind to me.
He gave me some bread, also some milk.
He gave me a hint.
He gave me a present.
He sent me a present.
He found me a good job.
He gave me a good piece of advice.
He wrote me a love letter.
He explained the rule to me.
He lied to me.
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.
He whispered something to me.
He came to see me.
He didn't give me time to think.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He asked me a question.
He gave me an example.
He taught me how to write.
He asked me for help.
He rang me up at midnight.
He gave a nice present to me.
He wrote me a long letter.
He raised a weapon against me.
He lent me two books.
He carved me a wooden doll.
He commanded me to shut the gate.
He isn't my cousin.
He married my cousin.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He isn't appreciative of my little jokes.
He suggested a plan similar to mine.
He found my bike.
He accepted my present.
He listened to my opinion.
He persists in his opinion.
He accepted my idea.
He is my best friend.
He helped me to move.
He lives far away from my house.
He kissed me on the forehead.
He grabbed me by the collar.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
He doesn't speak our language.
He is my old friend.
He stood behind me.
He earns three times as much as I.
He married my sister.
He came to my office yesterday.
He didn't respond to my question.
He seized me by the neck.
He is my uncle.
He asked for my advice.
He is my boss.
He admired my new car.
He is one of my best friends.
He congratulated me on my success.
He is my teacher.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
He made reference to my book.
He cured my illness.
He is my father.
He is as old as my father.
He is as tall as my father.
He entered my room.
He did not accept my apologies.
I owe him my life.
He looked me in the eye.
He is my friend.
He lives next to me.
He is one of my neighbours.
"He said, ""I want to be a scientist."""
He outweighs me by 10 kg.
He is junior to me by two years.
He has more books than I do.
He speaks English better than I do.
He is a better swimmer than I.
He is younger than me by three years.
He can run faster than I.
He is cleverer than I.
He is stronger than I am.
He accused me of being a liar.
He thrust me aside.
I wonder if he loves me.
He made me go.
I'm sure he mistook me for my sister.
I hope that he will help me.
Does he know me?
He doesn't know me.
He introduced me to his parents.
He turned down my application.
Is he going to help us?
He has good eyesight.
He is a poet.
He is a poet and novelist.
He tried solving the problem.
He tried writing a short story.
He is likely to win the game.
He is a man of wealth.
He has something to do with the case.
He was hurt in the accident.
He lost his life in an accident.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He never speaks of the accident.
He gave me what little money he had.
He is punctual.
He is proud of his punctuality.
He arrived in time.
He sometimes watches TV.
He is sometimes absent from school.
He sometimes loses hope.
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He comes to see my son now and then.
He went there in person.
He tried to kill himself.
He committed suicide.
He goes to school by bicycle.
He is washing his car.
He was happy being a Jew.
He acknowledged his faults.
He is sure of winning.
He did it himself.
He himself tried it.
He set fire to his own house.
He has a house of his own.
He is proud of his family.
He named his dog Popeye.
He admitted his mistakes.
He says he has always been true to his wife.
He makes good use of his talents.
He was sick of his job.
He devoted all his time to the study of history.
He waited his turn.
He is uncertain about his future.
He described his own experience.
He quarrels with every person he knows.
He told me that his father was a teacher.
He is afraid of his father.
He entered his room.
He took his book.
He was proud of his daughter.
He didn't hear his name called.
He saved her at the cost of his own life.
He could not believe his eyes.
He admitted his guilt.
He acknowledged his fault.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He has lost his job.
He repeated his question.
He was in reality a criminal.
He used pigeons in his experiment.
He took a picture.
He is very sociable.
He is the boss's private secretary.
His car isn't here, so he must have gone.
He came by car.
He went to Boston by car.
He drove to school.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He is washing the car.
His debts were piling up.
They say he was a musician when he was young.
He appeared young.
He was too young to live alone.
He looks young.
He has big hands.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
His hands were empty.
He had a book in his hand.
He raised his arm.
He will have written a letter.
He amused the children by showing them some magic.
He likes to hunt.
He is old enough to drink.
He hanged himself.
He shook his head.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
He was asleep during the lesson.
He left high school at seventeen.
He made an important discovery.
He is accustomed to hard work.
He laid down the gun.
He will visit his uncle.
He stayed at his aunt's house.
He was busy with his homework.
He must finish his homework today.
He said under oath that he was born in Italy.
He is in his library.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He married an actress.
He traveled on business.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He was small, but strong.
He signed the check.
He sat down to read a novel.
He is getting better bit by bit.
He spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in his voice.
He drank a little.
He continued his work after a short break.
He looks a bit tired.
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?
He fell down on the floor.
He was embarrassed.
He laughed.
He greeted me with a smile.
He explained it in detail.
He was in good spirits.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He abuses his authority.
He devoured his meal.
He is eating.
He has a good appetite.
He is lazy.
He cannot be trusted.
He can be relied on.
He went to bed.
He had to stay in bed.
Is he sleeping?
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He died of a heart attack.
He built a new house.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He has a new car and an old car.
He has bought a new car.
He wants a new car.
He is working on a new novel.
He discovered a new star.
He adapted himself to his new life.
He bought a new car.
He started a new life.
He opened the window to let in some fresh air.
He likes to read newspapers.
He was reading a newspaper.
He delivers newspapers.
He fell into a deep sleep.
He took a deep breath.
He accepted our offer.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
He told the truth.
It seems that he knows the truth.
He doesn't believe in God.
He is a gentleman. He cannot have said such a thing.
He is a gentleman.
He is no gentleman.
He became a singer against his parents wishes.
He seems kind.
He had the kindness to help me.
He had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He seems to be friendly.
He is independent of his parents.
He didn't reveal his identity.
He was patient.
He has learned to be patient.
He has a friendly nature.
He is fond of gossip.
He is not guilty of murder.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He has only one aim in life, to make money.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He jumped into the water.
He is tremendously handsome.
He drank three glasses of water.
He left the water running.
He cannot swim.
He is too drunk to drive home.
He is good at mathematics.
He is ahead of us in mathematics.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
He had friends all over the world.
He traveled all over the globe.
He has a nice personality.
He made it.
He hoped to succeed.
He knows nothing about politics.
Is he right?
He's not all there.
He is justice.
He seems honest.
He appeared honest.
He seems to be honest.
He is an honest man.
He told the truth, otherwise he would have been punished.
He is German by birth.
He dedicated his life to helping the poor.
He's leading a dog's life.
He works hard to earn his living.
He is an American to the backbone.
He acted like a saint.
He was dressed in blue.
He's always been kind to me.
He used to drink.
He remained silent like a stone.
He picked up a stone.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
He wore red pants.
He was late because of the snow.
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.
He has absolute power.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He divorced his wife last month.
He went to America last week.
Is he a teacher?
He is a born poet.
Since he is not an expert, his opinion is no account.
He drowned in the river.
He fell into the river.
He lives across the river.
He got across the river.
He lost two sons in the war.
He was wounded in the war.
He fell overboard and was drowned.
He became a sailor.
He wanted to go to sea.
He won the election by a large majority.
He said that he had met her on the previous day.
He sent his luggage in advance.
He is a promising young man.
He lost the watch which he had bought the day before.
He denies himself nothing.
He's perfect at everything.
He consumed all his income on drinking.
He doesn't watch television at all.
He betrayed his country.
He adores his grandfather.
He does not get up early.
He did not get up early.
He went to bed early.
He arrived too early.
He tried to get up early.
He is a fast speaker.
He kept all the windows open.
He was lying on the grass.
He came running.
He began to run.
He is a fast runner.
He was out of breath.
He can run fast.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He told me to be kind to others.
He pays no attention to others' feelings.
He overcame many difficulties.
He has a lot of hobbies.
He was large, not to say fat.
He is Taro's brother.
He is busier than Taro.
He is putting on weight.
He is inclined to be lazy.
He is a lazy student.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He has great enthusiasm.
He has a large family.
He is a dramatist.
He is a good carpenter.
He was born in Osaka.
He transferred his office to Osaka.
He is a big eater.
He is about your age.
He is close to the president.
He was elected president.
He married a very pretty girl.
He felt very lonely.
He was patience itself.
He had ambition.
Who is he talking to?
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He didn't see anybody.
He is popular with everybody.
He is known to everyone.
Who does he look like?
He said that the earth goes round the sun.
He's afraid that he might be late.
He excused himself for being late.
He invented an excuse for being late.
He wrote a book on China.
He is an authority on China.
He wrote a lot of books on China.
He tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
He sleeps by day and works by night.
He lives in the western part of town.
He knows a lot about butterflies.
He believes in the supernatural.
He kept me waiting for a long time.
He has not written to them for a long time.
He's writing a long letter.
He has been sick for a long time.
He can't stay long.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He was a tall man.
He opened the cages.
He loves fishing.
He found a ball in the garden.
He likes to work in the garden.
He dug a hole in the garden.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
He was proud of his brother.
He is a good loser.
He is a thief.
He denied that he was the thief.
He is a typical Japanese.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He may be a genius.
He is a genius.
He is said to be a genius.
He is far from a genius.
He is an expert in astronomy.
He has an estate in the country.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He took the wrong train by mistake.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He's talking on the telephone.
He prefers the country to the town.
He often comes late.
He tried to soothe the angry man.
He could not control his anger.
He should be angry.
He is in Tokyo.
He moved to Tokyo.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He was fired for stealing.
He cannot be relied on.
He is to stay here for a fortnight.
He hesitated before answering.
He is sharp-witted.
He is an intelligent boy.
His head ached.
He saves what he earns.
He moves quickly.
He was unable to move.
He loves animals.
He knows a lot about animals.
He kept on writing stories about animals.
He crossed the street.
He killed himself by taking poison.
He talked to himself.
He taught himself French.
He was opposed to monopolies.
He has too many books.
He can read and write.
He wants a book to read.
He is introverted.
He must be from the South.
He said two or three words and left.
He arrived there after dark.
He never goes out after dark.
He prays several times a day.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He keeps a diary.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He went back to Japan.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
Can he speak Japanese?
He speaks Japanese very well.
He has a Japanese car.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He plays golf every Sunday.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He failed the entrance exam.
He couldn't pass the entrance examination.
He accomplished his mission.
He does not like cats.
He keeps a cat.
He is old.
He lied about his age.
He is studying agriculture.
He is bankrupt.
He is not stupid.
He is an actor.
Is he tall?
He is tall and strong.
He is too short to get at the book on the shelf.
He is short, but strong.
He died of lung cancer.
He's got lung cancer.
He received much applause.
He is a friendly person.
He's everybody's friend.
He had his hair cut.
He will be punished.
He has eyes at the back of his head.
He is more lucky than clever.
He is accurate in his judgement.
He is playing in his room.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
He is the only child they have.
He accepted her gift.
He convinced us of her innocence.
He wants to go out with her.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He intended to marry her.
He was not able to marry her.
He is as tall as her.
He is as tall as she.
He picked flowers for her.
He denied having met her.
He bought her a dog.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He gave her a book.
He is in love with her.
He acts very shy in her presence.
He selected a Christmas gift for her.
He can't take his eyes off her.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He got angry with me.
He is jealous of her talent.
He took her by the hand.
He ignored her advice.
He spoke well of her son.
He scolded her.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He risked his life to save her.
He made her happy.
He helps her.
He died a sad death.
His heart is broken.
He has a tendency to be pessimistic.
He is very sensitive to criticism.
He is too tired to study.
He looks tired.
He seems tired.
He found out the secret.
He knows the secret.
He is overweight.
He hates air travel.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He was killed in an airplane accident.
He smiled and said goodbye.
His nose bled.
He slipped on the ice.
He has a good reputation.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He seems to have been ill.
He seems to be ill.
He is absent because of illness.
He was absent because of illness.
He is afraid of becoming sick.
He could not come because he was ill.
He cannot be ill.
He acted as if he were ill.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
He was a poor musician.
He was born to poor parents.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He didn't like being poor.
He had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He is an evil man.
He died an unnatural death.
He's getting cold feet.
He is not as tall as his father.
He avenged the murder of his father.
He cared for his mother after his father died.
He didn't help his father.
He respects his father.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
Do you think he resembles his father?
He resembles his father very much.
He avenged his father.
He takes after his father.
He admitted himself defeated.
He came out of the room.
He ran into the room.
He entered the room.
He put his room in order.
He ripped the envelope open.
Though he had a cold, he went to work.
He is a man of wide experience.
He looked at her angrily.
He is second to none in physics.
He understands physics.
He is a good writer.
He tried to bring about peace.
He grows rice.
He must be an American.
He was leaning against the wall.
He has changed.
He is blind in one eye.
He concentrated on his studies.
I don't believe he is a lawyer.
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
He walks to school.
He walked through the forest.
He will walk.
He resembles his mother.
He writes letters to his mother.
He has no sense of direction.
He had no hat on.
He went back to get his hat.
Is he busy?
He was busy making a telescope.
He likes adventure.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
He helped me do my homework.
He asked me if I wanted to go abroad.
He hit me on the head.
Does he have many books?
He has a book.
He kept reading a book.
He goes to the library to read books.
He likes to read books.
He's really in good shape.
He is a very smart boy.
He was put under anesthesia.
He doesn't have a sister.
He washes the bike every week.
He walks his dog every morning.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He doesn't come here every day.
He goes there every day.
He plays tennis every day.
Does he watch television every day?
He called me up almost every day.
He runs in the park every day.
He plays baseball every day.
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.
He calls her up every night.
He is asleep.
I fell asleep.
He must be innocent.
He arrived safely.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
He was angry with his daughter.
He introduced his daughter to me.
He is a good doctor.
His life is in danger.
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will be at home tomorrow.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
He will be back tomorrow.
He will have to get up early tomorrow.
He leaves for Tokyo tomorrow.
He will come tomorrow.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
He rarely goes to the movies.
He seldom goes to church.
He fell from the tree.
He stuck his knife into the tree.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He was not allowed to remain silent.
He went blind.
He listened to the music with his eyes closed.
He closed his eyes.
He will come back.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He is generally at home in the evening.
He likes baseball very much.
He is crazy about baseball.
He is a baseball player.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He's very good at playing baseball.
He stuck to his promise.
He is apt to forget his promise.
He has a remarkable memory.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
He is a brave man.
He is unrivaled in bravery.
He was called Ted by his friends.
He has a few friends.
He has few friends.
He teaches English to his friends.
He was busy copying his friend's notebook.
He believes in the existence of ghosts.
He became a famous singer.
He is a famous artist.
He became a famous actor.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He tried to unify the various groups.
I wonder if he will come.
He will come.
I think he'll come.
I thought he wouldn't come.
He will go to New York next month.
He bought a dozen eggs.
His absence was due to the storm.
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He entered the army.
He is an army officer.
He walked away.
He is a self-made man.
He's in bed with the flu.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He kept a diary during the trip.
He is economically independent of his parents.
He lives with his parents.
He lives apart from his parents.
He wrote to his parents.
He is good at cooking.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He has a lot of books on history.
Will he be able to catch the train?
He is a good speaker.
He kept talking.
He was about to speak.
He stopped talking.
He went mad when he heard the story.
He refused to take the bribe.
He denied that he had accepted the bribe.
He has powerful arms.
He was sitting with his arms folded.
He is getting old.
There is no telling when they will come.
Do you know when they will arrive?
I know they're in love with each other.
Ask him whether they still live in Tokyo.
I like all of them.
I don't care about what they say.
There is little hope that they are alive.
It is good for them to work during their vacation.
Laugh with them.
I haven't seen them anywhere.
They have twin daughters.
They have two daughters.
Which of them is your brother?
Some of them are my friends.
None of them are present.
Their patience was about to give out.
Their muscles are stiff.
I was invited to their wedding.
Their son's name is John.
All their efforts were in vain.
Their names escaped me.
Their parents are older than ours.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I did not understand one word.
They are doctors.
They are artists.
They went fishing.
They don't like me.
They are actors.
They are going shopping.
They like apples.
They have twelve children.
They moved here three years ago.
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.
They feared you.
Are they American?
Aren't they Americans?
They must be Americans.
How long did they live in England?
When will they give a concert?
They don't always obey their parents.
Now they have three children.
They stopped talking.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
They absolutely detest each other.
They smiled at one another.
I'm sure they'll win.
They hunted foxes.
They are Christians.
They married on Christmas Eve.
They live downstairs.
They had no money to buy concert tickets with.
They are crazy about jazz.
They elected John the captain of the team.
They have been busy.
They burned all the documents.
They were afraid of the big dog.
They set up a bronze statue of the hero.
They talked over the plan for hours.
They were satisfied with the result.
They released the prisoner.
They acted on the information.
They adapted themselves to the change quickly.
They left the problem unsolved.
They discussed the problem.
They missed the train.
Each of them was given a prize.
They are playing chess.
They will be very glad.
They hated Tom.
They are both unmarried.
They invited me to play cards.
They sat around the table to play cards.
How badly they ski!
They are pilots.
They chose Peter as captain.
They each received a present.
They come from the south of France.
They haven't come back home yet.
All of them went there.
They all envied my new car.
They were all dressed in uniforms.
They are all college students.
Each of them has a bicycle.
It's rumored that they are going to get married.
They aren't children any more, but not adults yet.
They moved ahead slowly.
They remained good friends.
They have gone to Europe.
They armed themselves with rifles.
They were from Liverpool.
They are wrestlers.
They drank two bottles of wine.
They did not clap for us.
They were swimming.
They know how to swim.
They like English.
They offered assistance.
They are plotting to kill the king.
They are talking about music.
What are they doing?
What are they after?
They waited for him for hours.
They all went to the restaurant.
They are all dead.
They all laughed at his jokes.
They live near the school.
They were in Joe's class last year.
They constructed a bridge.
They did everything in order to make money.
They feel hungry.
They found Tom in the crowd.
They will never agree.
They look healthy.
Do they take care of the dog?
They abandoned their country.
They were criticizing each other.
They are running in the park.
They seem happy.
They are happy.
They must be happy.
They are running now.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
Were they in the library yesterday?
They made love last night.
They have full confidence in their leader.
They don't allow us to go to disco.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
They were very kind to me.
They forced me to sing a song.
They are my classmates.
They are my friends.
They made me go there.
They invited me to the party.
They call me Bob.
They made me wait for a long time.
They know us.
They failed in the examination.
They went to Chicago by car.
They have to repair their car.
They live in a rented house.
They married when they were young.
Are they writing a letter?
They meet once a week.
They have established a new government.
They teased the new student.
They thanked God.
They furnished the library with many books.
They have access to the library.
They are indifferent to politics.
They named their baby Jane.
They are teachers.
They waited for their teacher.
They lost the battle.
They died in battle.
They are not at all interested.
They arrived too soon.
They are disappointed in their son.
They named their son John.
They have lost a lot.
They have a large house.
They eat a lot of rice.
Who are they?
They agreed on a price.
They are at lunch.
They made him work from morning till night.
They have lived here for a long time.
They abandoned the sinking ship.
They grow flowers in the garden.
They are not enemies, but friends.
They attacked the enemy.
They are very interested in astronomy.
They found the stolen money.
They are the same age.
They have the same habits.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
Are they Japanese or Chinese?
Are they Japanese?
They found him guilty.
They laughed at his mistake.
He cannot answer their questions.
They call him Jim.
They called him a coward.
They elected him chairman.
They agreed to elect him as president.
They respect him.
They invited her to go to the party.
They made her go.
They will have to cut down their expenses.
They were very excited.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
Despite being poor, they raised seven children.
They are a peace-loving people.
They were busy.
They will debate the question tomorrow.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
They are gathering nuts.
They will get married next month.
They swam against the stream.
They didn't obey their parents.
They believe that the soul is immortal.
They got into the train.
Will you help them?
They died one after another.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
Did you know him?
I must help him.
Don't stop him.
He reminds me of my grandfather.
Follow his example.
It is absurd trying to persuade him.
All we can do is to wait for him.
Do I know him?
The more I know him, the more I like him.
Give him time.
All but for he are here.
She has a husband and two daughters.
She is able to speak ten languages.
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
She gave me some good advice.
It is surprising how little she knows of the world.
Do you know when she will come?
I heard that she came here.
Never was she so frightened.
She married John, not because she loved him, but because he was a rich man.
She looked after the child.
She cannot have done such a thing.
Do you know who she is?
I know where she is.
Do you know where she is?
She will accompany me on the piano.
I saw her play the piano.
Her financial support is indispensable to this project of ours.
She broke into tears.
It is no accident that she won the first prize.
I heard her singing.
I feel sorry for her.
Tell me why she is crying.
What she said turned out to be false.
What she said wasn't true.
I wish she had come last night.
She gave me this compact disc.
She smiled at me.
She came to my aid.
I am of the opinion that she is right.
Who she is I have no idea.
The news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue.
She has been in hospital for a month.
She accompanied me to the hospital.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
She came into the room.
She gave me a present.
Give her this letter when she comes.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
Her speech was excellent.
She gave us lots to eat.
I'm getting married to her in June.
She opened the door.
I have nothing in common with her.
I speak French as well as she does.
Can you distinguish her from her sister?
I know nothing about her.
Where did you see her?
She appears to have many friends.
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
She has a son everybody loves.
She has a daughter whose name is Mary.
She has a lot of work to do.
I haven't seen her in years.
She has no sense of duty.
She has an uncle who works in a bank.
She has faults, too.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
She has no children, does she?
She needed someone who would understand her.
She has a son and two daughters.
She has little knowledge of physics.
She has some literary talent.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
She has a few friends.
I was writing her a love letter.
I remember seeing her before.
I wonder what has happened to her.
I must remember to see her.
I wish I had seen her.
I couldn't remember ever having met her.
She had no brother.
I can't take my eyes off her.
She, of all people, wouldn't do such a thing.
I was happy to see her again.
I saw her again.
I wanted her to win.
I bought her a new car.
Be nice to her.
She is wrong.
Her mother is a most beautiful woman.
I can't get her out of my mind.
It might be better to address her as Doctor.
Her skirt is totally out of fashion.
She is a woman of great beauty.
Her cheeks were red.
Her cheeks were as cold as ice.
Her English is excellent.
Her speech moved the audience.
I went to her house, but she was not at home.
Her house is very modern.
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.
Her face was radiant with happiness.
She hopes to become a designer.
I can't understand what she says.
Don't listen to her.
Whatever she says is true.
Her behavior will become more aggressive.
He saw a small Band-Aid on her left knee.
Her work is to wash the dishes.
Her sister looks young.
I can't forget her.
I took a picture of her.
Her car is two years old.
You're taking advantage of her weakness.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Her hobby is collecting stamps.
If I had known her address, I would have written to her.
I know her address.
I like the way she smiles.
Did you notice her new dress?
I see no reason why I shouldn't accept her offer.
Her teacher advised her to read more and more novels.
I always get nervous in her presence.
Her son died of cancer when still a boy.
Her son is a genius.
Can you guess her age?
Her skin is as white as snow.
Her hair is long and beautiful.
She has short hair.
Her smile expressed joy.
It's impossible not to be fascinated by her beauty.
Her beauty is incomparable.
She has a long nose.
Her husband is now living in Tokyo.
Her husband is an excellent cook.
Her father is a policeman.
Is her father a teacher?
Her father is Japanese.
She is no less beautiful than her mother.
Her mother will continue to work.
Her mother is not as old as she looks.
Her late husband was a violinist.
I'm trying to get in touch with her sister.
Her dream has come true at last.
Her dream has come true.
Her dream will one day come true.
Her dream is to become a nurse.
I know her by name.
I would like to know her name.
Her life is in danger.
Her eyes are laughing.
Her only hobby is collecting stamps.
Her friend is a singer.
She speaks the truth.
She is ashamed to speak up.
She plays the piano very well.
She likes wine.
She is a doctor.
She is a good English speaker.
She is capable of teaching English.
She had long hair last year.
She laughed to cover her fear.
She invited me to her birthday party.
She tried.
She is unbelievably naïve.
She studies mathematics.
She picked up a stone.
She's going to Ooita.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
She plays tennis after school.
She left the room without saying goodbye.
She saved a hundred dollars.
She has no less than ten children.
She started ten minutes ago.
She died on a cold night in December.
She died in 1960.
She left the hospital an hour ago.
She married him at the age of 20.
She got married at the age of 25.
She did not come until two.
She can't be over thirty.
She taught music for thirty years.
She can speak three languages.
She tried a third time.
She goes to the supermarket every three days.
She must be forty or so.
She has brought up five children.
She is eight.
She talked childishly.
Is she your mother?
Is she your sister?
I doubt that she loves you.
She seems to hate you.
She is married to an American.
She speaks a little Arabic.
She takes everything for granted.
She thought of a good solution.
She has gone to Italy.
I wonder where she lives.
She always keeps her word.
She always gets up at six.
She is always kind to everyone.
She always buys milk.
She always tries something new.
She always buys expensive clothes.
She always smiles at me.
She thinks that she's always right.
She always keeps her room clean.
She always walks to school.
She usually walks to school.
She is always busy.
She is always forgetting my phone number.
She is always cheerful.
She always wears fashionable clothes.
When will she return home?
When did she leave the classroom?
When did she get married?
When was she born?
She lives in the country.
I was lonely without her.
She kept various kinds of pets.
She was similar to me in many ways.
She is what we call a bookworm.
She is well known in both India and China.
She's fashionable.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
She strongly resembles her grandmother.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
She married a rich man.
She is less beautiful than her sister.
She was making tea.
She takes after her mother.
She should help her mother.
She came from Canada to see me.
She sang pretty well.
She isn't poor.
She comes from California.
She is a pretty girl.
Is she a pretty girl?
She died of cancer.
Can she play the guitar?
She plays the guitar.
She enjoys listening to classical music.
She gave me a book for Christmas.
She says she will come.
She has a passion for cake.
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children.
She needs help.
She is bored with this novel.
Does she work in this city?
She doesn't know how to play golf.
She doesn't like soccer.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
She likes jazz, and so do I.
She died of shock.
She knows that John loved her.
She went shopping at a supermarket.
She wanted to get married immediately.
She will come soon.
She is able to skate.
She has always lived in Otaru.
She has a wonderful personality.
She is bad at sports.
She is eighteen at most.
She may have said so.
She lived there about five years.
She denied having been there.
She was surprised at the news.
She likes the singer.
She filled the vase with water.
She refused to accept the money.
She began to talk to the dog.
She was afraid of the dog.
She has remained abroad ever since.
She tore the letter to pieces.
She declined the invitation.
She likes the teacher.
She ordered the book from England.
She didn't know what to do with the problem.
She must have done it yesterday.
She translated it word for word.
She did it on purpose.
She was surprised that it was that late.
She's very beautiful.
She is about my age.
She is usually at home on Sundays.
She types well.
She has a lot of money.
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.
She has a lot of English books.
She wrote a lot of poems.
Is she a taxi driver?
She stopped smoking.
She has to stop smoking.
She stirred her tea with a little gold spoon.
She telephoned just now.
She loves chocolate, too.
She is having dinner now.
She took something out of the bag.
She is good at playing tennis.
She knocked on the door.
She managed to drive a car.
Where has she gone?
She is very pretty.
She is a very good teacher.
She works very hard.
She looks very happy.
She was a great help to me.
She can play the piano very well.
She lives in a huge house.
She is very intelligent.
She is very sad.
She married Tom last month.
She's as busy as Tom.
She's Tom's sister.
She's older than Tom.
She loves Tom.
Do you know what color she likes?
She is crying.
She cut the apple with a knife.
She is quite a clever girl.
Why is she so silent?
She looks blue for some reason.
She did not say anything.
What does she do?
How fast she swims!
How beautiful she is!
She greeted us with a smile.
She smiled.
She hates carrots.
She adores cats.
She is afraid of cats.
She drank two glasses of wine at the party.
She called off the party.
She was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
She bought two pounds of butter.
She has been to Paris.
She has gone to Paris.
She plays the piano.
She went on a picnic.
She applied for a visa.
She went out without saying a word.
She woke up on her own.
She bought a chicken.
She picked out a pink shirt for me to try on.
She sang better than usual.
She was fluent in French.
She can speak French.
She can speak French fluently.
Does she speak French?
I don't think she can speak French.
She majors in French literature.
She is a follower of Freud.
She is a computer programmer.
She likes classical composers such as Beethoven and Bach.
She is Betty.
She has a dislike for snakes and mathematics.
She is my girlfriend.
She asked Bob to teach her how to ski.
She is getting prettier and prettier.
She has not come here yet.
She is not here yet.
She can't ride a bicycle yet.
She still loved him.
She hasn't cleaned her room yet.
She hasn't come yet.
She will leave the hospital soon.
She talks as if she knew everything.
She speaks English as if she were a native speaker.
She drank a cup of milk.
She will have to cook for everyone.
She wore glasses.
She seldom goes out.
She was baptized Mary.
She is no longer what she was five years ago.
Is she here yet?
She has already left the office.
She is out of danger.
She is already married.
She's hyperactive.
She lacks common sense.
She came with good news.
She talks a lot.
She works hard.
She turned down the radio.
She had a radio.
She turned off the radio.
She had a basket full of apples.
She cut the apple in half.
She made many mistakes in typing the report.
She played cards with Roy.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
She can speak Russian.
She is curt.
She is very afraid of the dark.
She disappeared in the dark.
She's afraid of the dark.
She made the same mistake as before.
She died of stomach cancer.
She went to Germany to study medicine.
She was a medical student.
Is she a doctor?
Isn't she a doctor?
She became a doctor.
She decided to be a doctor.
She is apparently an honest woman.
She is, in a word, a dreamer.
She lives in an apartment alone.
She came alone.
She likes to go walking by herself.
She is used to living alone.
She was afraid to travel alone.
She spent her life in pursuit of the truth.
She worked hard.
She kept silent all day.
She picked out the most expensive dress.
She is a good swimmer.
She doesn't know how to swim.
She can't swim.
She can't swim and neither can I.
She is good at speaking English.
She is busy learning English.
She studies English.
Does she speak English?
She didn't go far.
She didn't have any pencils.
She lives in Yokohama.
She is a quiet woman.
She likes music very much.
She understands music.
She went to Italy to study music.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She believes whatever he says.
How old do you think she is?
She is quick at everything.
She waited for hours and hours.
She has hundreds of books.
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
She is not home, but at school.
Is she at home?
I do not think that she is at home.
She is happiest when she is at home.
She went home.
She likes to cook for her family.
She began to sing.
She sings well.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
She says that she likes flowers.
She picked flowers.
She quit the company.
She is living abroad.
She has a cottage by the sea.
She is drawing a picture.
She was coming down the stairs.
She has gone abroad.
She is married to a foreigner.
She went out.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
She goes to school.
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
She is a student.
She pretended to be a student.
She gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
She was shivering with cold.
She wept with emotion.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
She is a nurse.
She is not a nurse, but a doctor.
She finished the job with ease.
She didn't seem interested.
She almost drowned.
She looks unhappy.
She looks happy.
She knew the story already.
She is in a bad mood.
She is aggressive.
She almost passed out.
She got up late.
She quickly went up the stairs.
She burst into laughter.
She cried.
She tried not to cry.
She felt like crying.
She began crying.
She kept on crying.
She gets a high salary.
She married him last year.
She hates fish and never eats any.
She is obstinate.
She was afraid to pass through the woods.
She screamed with terror.
She committed suicide by jumping off the bridge.
He put his hand on his heart.
She looked excited.
She was astonishingly beautiful.
She is going to learn how to drive.
She has put on weight recently.
She refused to take the money.
She is not rich enough to waste money.
She must have been rich.
She is a wealthy woman.
For all her riches, she's not happy.
She seems rich.
She married a rich old man.
She is a blonde girl.
She works in a bank.
She looked up at the sky.
She spends a lot of money on shoes.
She bought two pairs of socks.
She is as tall as you.
She knows your mother very well.
Does she know you?
She bought chicken.
She is no stranger to me.
She is far from honest.
She is by no means angelic.
She is no ordinary student.
She was satisfied with the result.
Is she married?
She isn't married.
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
She quit school for health reasons.
She is much afraid of dogs.
She forgot to feed her dog.
She is very much afraid of dogs.
She is afraid of dogs.
She was breathing hard.
She has a strong personality.
She told me a wrong address on purpose.
She is five years old.
She got up at seven in the morning.
She studied English in the morning.
She took night classes in the art of self-defense.
She was late because of the heavy traffic.
She is a chatterbox.
She's looking the other way.
She says that she is happy.
She is happy.
I don't think she is happy.
She said that she had been happy.
She became happy.
She ordered a cup of tea.
She bought a tea set.
She is active.
She is wearing a valuable ring.
She bent down.
She is in her hotel now.
She had never seen New York before.
She is out now.
She is doing her homework now.
She isn't running.
She leaves for New York next Sunday.
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
She feels bad today.
She is wearing a white dress today.
She is in hospital now.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
She came last.
She seems to be nervous about her first class.
She didn't like the horse at first.
She is as clever as she is beautiful.
She displayed her talents.
She is a gifted artist.
She committed a crime.
She was robbed of her purse.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
She killed herself yesterday.
She had a blue dress on at the party yesterday.
She died yesterday afternoon.
She must have finished the work yesterday.
She got a new CD player yesterday.
She was born last year.
She was in the mood for a walk.
She wears the same kinds of clothes as her sister.
She's not as beautiful as her sister.
She bought a toy for her child.
She drummed her fingers on the table.
She runs faster than I do.
She told us an interesting story.
She is very kind to us.
She gave us a present.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
She threatened to set our house on fire.
She accepted our invitation.
She turned down our proposal.
She lives next door to us.
She didn't appear to recognize me.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
She showed me her album.
She wants me to go with her.
She made tea for me.
She served me coffee.
She gave me these old coins.
She explained the matter to me.
She asked me if I knew Tom's address.
She picked me an apple.
She doesn't speak to me.
She gave me a shy smile.
She showed her album to me.
She asked me a question.
She gave me some practical advice.
She sent me a letter.
She informed me of her departure.
She gave me a doll.
She asked me to open the window.
She showed me his album.
She told me an interesting story.
She was told to accompany me.
She's my type.
She sat next to me.
She accused me of making a mistake.
She gave my shoes a quick brush.
She took care of my dog.
She isn't to my taste.
She agreed to my idea.
As soon as she saw me, she began to weep.
She took my hand.
She refused my invitation.
She rejected my proposal.
She is a good friend of mine.
She is a friend of mine.
She doesn't like the way I speak.
She is senior to me by six years.
She is much taller than I.
She accused me of being a liar.
She introduced me to her brother.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
She invited me to her home.
She burst out laughing when she saw me.
She looked at me and smiled.
She makes me happy.
She knows me.
She avoids me.
She asked us to leave her alone.
She told us the road was closed.
She taught us singing.
She ran out of paper.
She's worrying about her exams.
She passed the examination.
She has good handwriting.
She is merciful.
She sometimes takes a walk in the park.
She got off at the next station.
She plays the piano by ear.
She goes to a school for the deaf.
She attempted to kill herself.
She tried to commit suicide.
She attempted suicide.
She looked around.
Can she ride a bicycle?
She lost her son in a car accident.
She accused him of stealing her money.
She filled her bag with apples.
She is afraid of her own shadow.
She tried to hide her feelings.
She can't control her emotions.
She is proud of her children.
She abandoned her children.
She is looking for her car keys.
She is proud of her son.
She shut herself up in her room.
She persists in saying that her analysis is correct.
She took her book.
She is proud of her daughter.
She has a picture.
She is very photogenic.
She's lost her car key.
She is learning how to drive a car.
She seems to have been happy when she was young.
When she was young, she was very beautiful.
She was very beautiful when she was young.
She married young.
She's not young, is she?
She looks young.
She has something in her hand.
She has long arms and legs.
She raised her hand.
She spends a major part of her income on food.
She goes to the bookstore once a week.
She has done her homework.
She is about to leave.
She is in need of help.
She became an actress.
She has a small black dog.
She stayed there for a moment.
She is not less than thirty.
She is dark-skinned.
She has a fair complexion.
She went out to buy some food.
She didn't mind doing the dishes.
She used to pray before going to bed.
She has a kind heart.
She lost her new watch.
She took a deep breath.
She doesn't believe in God.
She is kindness itself.
She is kind.
She was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
It was kind of her to show me the way to the station.
She is shy of strangers.
She has a negative attitude toward life.
She doesn't like to speak in public.
She sank under the surface of the water.
She is traveling around the world.
She set a new world record.
She traveled all over the world.
She died before coming of age.
She is weak by nature.
She raised her voice.
She likes blue dresses.
She is wearing a blue dress.
She is quiet.
She slowly closed her eyes.
She has always been a popular actress.
She is not what she used to be.
She wore a red dress.
She laid her baby on the bed.
She was afraid of waking the baby.
She did a lot of voluntary work for the Red Cross.
She was in America last month.
She quit her job last month.
She has been sick since last week.
She gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week.
She has been sick since last Wednesday.
She bought a new house the other day.
She lost her son in the war.
She is a twin.
She had an early breakfast.
She is as beautiful as ever.
She looked out of the window.
She put her head out of the window.
She opens the window.
She hates running.
She held her breath.
She has small feet.
She has many valuable books.
She has gone through many difficulties.
She is at most 18 years old.
She has lost weight.
Does she work in the kitchen?
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
She owns a large property.
She has large blue eyes.
She reminds me very much of her mother.
She is very fond of dogs.
She is very busy.
She was very busy.
I wonder who she is.
She needs someone to talk to.
Who is she?
She cleaned the house all by herself.
She likes short skirts.
She gave me an album as a birthday present.
She was very surprised at the news.
She explained the reason why she was late.
She is having lunch now.
She plays tennis in the morning.
She is getting breakfast ready.
She observed how butterflies fly.
She was ill for a long time.
She has long hair.
She grows tomatoes in her garden.
She found a ball in the garden.
She picked flowers in the garden.
She is no better than a thief.
She aimed at the target.
She received the electricity bill today.
She left her umbrella in the train.
She got angry.
She must be angry.
She fell down and broke her left leg.
She called me up from Tokyo.
She has brains.
She went on working.
She is fond of animals.
She made the same mistake again.
She killed herself by taking poison.
She went to the movies by herself.
She found pleasure in reading.
Suddenly, she stopped and looked around.
She went inside.
She is pigeon-toed.
She has just turned twelve.
She has two thousand books.
She decided to keep a diary.
She can speak Japanese.
She spoke Japanese well.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.
She is eight months pregnant.
She has a cat. The cat is white.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
She studies hard.
She is lying about her age.
She has gone shopping.
She went shopping.
She wore a white dress.
She embroidered her initials on a white handkerchief.
She had white shoes on.
She is dressed in white.
She wears her hair in a bun.
She accused him of stealing her car.
She went to the park with him.
She married him.
I wonder if she will marry him.
She is as intelligent as he.
She warned him not to go alone.
She is nothing to him.
She gave him a watch.
She advised him not to eat too much.
She asked him to open the window.
She has twice as many books as he has.
She slapped him in the face.
She began to cry at the sight of his face.
She refused his proposal.
She tore his letter to pieces.
She took care of his wound.
She refused his offer.
She accepted his gift.
She wanted to help them.
She needs to help him.
She mixed him up with someone else.
She looks sad.
She looked sad.
She was worn out, and leaned against the apple tree.
She does look tired.
She was too tired to go on working.
She has a very strong personality.
She died in a plane crash.
She cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash.
She smiled and said goodbye.
She has some beautiful antique furniture.
She went to the hairdresser's.
She did not answer all the questions.
She is not always happy.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
She pretended that she was sick.
She must be sick.
She seems to be sick.
She was still weak after her illness.
She is awkward.
She did it against her will.
She cooked her husband an apple pie.
She brushed her husband's hat.
She dominates her husband.
She is not afraid of anything.
She walked arm in arm with her father.
She took no notice of what her father said.
She was very proud of her father.
She burst into the room.
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.
She is in bed with a cold.
She was ironing her dress.
She gave her entire life to the study of physics.
She didn't reply.
She sang as she walked.
She walks.
She made her mother happy.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
She looks like her mother.
She was accompanied by her mother.
She is afraid of barking dogs.
She asked me if I knew her address.
She must be angry with me.
She is angry with me.
She is my dream girl.
She likes to read books.
She is really cute.
She is too young to know the truth.
She's as pretty as her sister.
She used to play tennis every Sunday.
She plays golf every weekend.
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
She showers every morning.
She has a bottle of milk every morning.
She suffers from a chronic malady.
She is attractive.
She was a charming woman.
She was forced to confess.
She could not keep her daughter from going out.
She wants to marry her daughter to a doctor.
She made a good speech.
She didn't give me her name.
She risked her life to protect her child.
She turned off the lights.
She went blind.
She fell from the tree.
She sat there silently with tears in her eyes.
She came running with her eyes shining.
She is graceful.
I found her graceful.
She was brave.
She's neither rich nor famous.
She is busy cooking dinner.
Her days are numbered.
She is too young to go to school.
She solved the problem with ease.
She leaped for joy.
I don't think that she will come.
She did come, but didn't stay long.
Will she come?
She will give a party next week.
She is going to France next week.
She will be seventeen next year.
She is frightened of thunder.
She bought a dozen eggs.
She is a selfish person.
She has to study science.
She wanted to get a divorce.
She decided to study abroad.
She is busy preparing for the trip.
She cooks well.
She is in a green dress.
She told her story in tears.
She tried not to shed tears.
She went on speaking.
She changed the subject.
She has her arm in a cast.
Is she coming, too?
Let's leave her alone.
To see her is to love her.
Do you know her?
He hugged her.
She thanked me for the present.
What they told you is not true.
Their house is just opposite the bus stop.
They invited me to dinner.
Both of them are very brilliant.
You look sick.
He came in person.
I'm sad.
The sad news took away his appetite.
Don't be sad.
I'm feeling tired.
Though she was tired, she kept on working.
Are you tired?
The accused was sentenced to death.
Where's the emergency exit?
Some fish fly.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
I saw a plane.
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
The plane took off exactly at six.
The plane is approaching New York.
Some people say that traveling by plane is rather economical.
The plane was approaching London.
The plane arrived on time.
The airplane was swallowed up in the large clouds.
The airplane took off on time.
The plane took off at 2:30.
The plane took off just now.
The plane crash was only last week.
How deep is Lake Biwa?
It's a beautiful day.
Mika is no less charming than Keiko.
She went to Paris in order to study art.
Many paintings hang in art museums.
How much money has been spent on building the museum?
She's also a beauty.
Miho is a pianist.
Miho plays the piano.
I have a stuffed-up nose.
Your nose is running.
My nose is itchy.
I can't breathe through my nose.
My nose is running.
Never fail to come here by five.
There is always a next time.
I don't need it.
We need a square table, not a round one.
There is more water than is needed.
The ice is melting.
The ice has melted.
When ice melts, it becomes water.
Would you like ice?
If you heat ice, it melts.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
He seemed to be ill.
I cooled the patient's head with ice.
The goods arrived yesterday.
I'm anemic.
Poverty is still the major cause of crime.
The bottle smashed to pieces.
Carelessness often results in accidents.
Carelessness often causes accidents.
How high is Mt. Fuji?
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji is covered with snow in winter.
My father has five brothers and sisters.
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
My father's car is new.
Father's hair has turned gray.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
My father will come home at seven.
My father came home at nine.
My father does not eat much fruit.
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
My father does not always walk to work.
My father caught three fish yesterday.
My father does play golf, but not well.
My father often takes me to baseball games.
My father is always getting angry.
My father must do the work.
My father played golf on the Sunday morning.
My father usually comes home at seven.
My father smokes.
My father often falls asleep while watching TV.
My father graduated from Harvard University.
My father is a businessman.
Dad looked at Mom shyly.
My father seldom smokes.
My father often washes the dishes.
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
My father gave up smoking.
My father doesn't lift a finger at home.
My father is in.
My father was in the navy.
My father is in good health.
My father is interested in ancient history.
My father complained about the traffic noise.
My father may be at home now.
My father is in the hospital now.
My father has given up smoking recently.
My father got home late last night.
My father died when I was seven years old.
My father died before I was born.
My father took us to the zoo.
My father bought this hat for me.
My father gave me a watch, but I lost it.
My father made me wash the car.
My father left me a large fortune.
Father often helps me with my homework.
My father insisted that we should go.
My father drives very well.
My father converted a garage into a study.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
My father is a good speaker of English.
My father has bought a new car.
My father has gone to China.
Father has gone fishing.
My father lives in the country.
My father lives and works in Tokyo.
My father likes strong coffee.
My father is tall.
My father died of lung cancer.
My father loves my mother.
My father has lived in Nagoya for more than fifteen years.
My father goes to Sydney twice a year on business.
My father is going to go abroad next week.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
Would you like another glass of wine?
There were a few children in the room.
There were many children in the room.
Is there anyone in the room?
There isn't anybody else.
Please air the room.
Come into the room.
There was no one in the room.
The room was warm.
Leaving the room, he bowed to me.
You have to clean your room.
I'd like to change my room.
Could I change rooms?
I need an envelope.
The wind has abated.
It's a windy day.
The wind blew all day.
It's blowing very hard.
The wind is blowing from the west.
The wind is blowing from the east.
The wind is blowing from the north.
How is your cold?
How's your cold?
Colds are contagious.
I've caught a cold.
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
You should take care not to catch cold.
I must have caught a cold.
Run hot water into the bath.
A hot bath made me feel much better.
Did you take a bath?
Easter is near at hand.
Change your clothes.
He said that he was hungry.
He became irritated.
We've run out of paper for the photocopier.
I'd like to get a refund.
How do I get reimbursed?
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions.
Prices are about to go up again.
The prices have gone down.
Prices have jumped.
The price rose.
Prices are going up.
Prices dropped suddenly.
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.
Prices continued to rise.
Take things as they are.
Do you hear me?
I know.
Do you follow?
I think I understand.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
Sentences begin with a capital letter.
Literature teaches us about humanity.
Don't complain.
Complaining won't change anything.
Listen to this!
Don't ask.
I'm all ears.
The soldiers' mission was to destroy the bridge.
Soldiers are used to danger.
The soldier saved his friend at the cost of his own life.
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.
Don't climb up the wall.
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
The people of America fought for their independence.
The United States is abundant in natural resources.
The paint was coming off the wall.
There is a clock on the wall.
I've found another job.
Show me another watch.
Give me another example.
His cottage is on the coast.
I have a migraine.
That's strange.
That's weird.
Is everything OK?
I'm the black sheep of the family.
I want a refund.
Talk to me!
The answer was yes.
As she hasn't written to me, I don't know what time she will arrive.
Keep in touch.
I am constipated.
Study!
I don't feel like studying.
Why don't you consult a lawyer?
The lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused.
The lawyer doubted his innocence.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
Got it!
I walked to school.
Do not read while walking.
He is walking very slowly.
Is it too far to walk?
I found a coin on the sidewalk.
Walk on the pavement.
Mother gets up earliest in my family.
Only my mother really understands me.
My mother has four brothers.
I write to my mother once a month.
I am worried about my mother's health.
I was not a good mother.
My mother is not always at home.
My mother cut the cake.
My mother forgot to add salt to the salad.
My mother never gets up early.
My mother tasted the milk.
My mother speaks slowly.
My mother spends a lot of money on clothes.
My mother lives by herself.
My mother is out.
My mother was in tears.
My mother is in the hospital now.
My mother is reading a magazine.
My mother made me study.
My mother cut my hair too short.
My mother took me to the park.
My mother often said that time is money.
My mother can't ride a bicycle.
My mother cannot drive a car.
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.
My mother teaches flower arranging.
My mother is an early riser.
My mother said that she was all right.
My mother must be angry.
My mother has gone to the beauty shop.
Mother goes to market every day.
My mother cooks well.
His mother was right.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
I won the lottery.
What do you do after school?
Could you help us after school?
It is our duty to obey the law.
The court adjudged that the will was valid.
The law was changed.
I went to the lawyer for legal help.
Bee stings can be very painful.
Bees fly from flower to flower.
You had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him.
Visitors are welcome.
Put your hat on.
Remove your hat.
Take off your cap.
Don't forget to mail this letter.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Do you have everything?
Hokkaido lies in the north of Japan.
Hokkaido is in the north of Japan.
I'll pay the bill.
I wrote this book.
It's not my fault.
I'm right.
I'll take care of the bill.
I'll see to it.
We dined at our uncle's.
We are staying at our uncle's.
Please don't compare me with my brother.
My brother and I like the same food.
I feel the cold very much.
Tell me the truth.
Leave it to me.
She's my classmate.
My apartment is near here.
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
My opinion differs from yours.
Do you love me?
Do you know where my watch is?
Leave my car alone.
You won't find my weak point.
My hobby is reading comics.
I hope you'll come to my birthday party.
Did you mention my book?
My name is Yatarou.
Everything went black.
I offered to help her with her homework.
I brush my teeth twice a day.
I get up at six.
I feel fine.
I visited my grandmother's house.
I fell asleep before my father came home.
I have three cameras.
I like this color as well.
I borrowed the book from this library.
I am often in difficulties.
I like jazz.
I'm bad at sports.
I learned nothing from the teacher.
I think that it's true.
I made an awful mistake in the test.
I'm so happy.
I'm as tall as Tom.
I like to play basketball.
I go to school by bus.
I haven't read the final page of the novel yet.
I have to go now.
I got up while it was still dark.
I heard an unusual sound.
I've got to take my library books back before January 25th.
I'll stay home.
I'm patient.
I like instrumental music.
I wish I were as smart as you are.
I'm your flatmate Paul.
I agree with you absolutely.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
I am certain of your success.
I'm never late for school.
I want something to drink now.
I am in London.
I'm being patient.
I have no energy today.
I'm left-handed.
I spent two hours watching television last night.
I have a dictionary.
I have two cars.
I'm young.
I looked around me.
I want to sleep.
I am not the captain of the new team.
I'm not very good at swimming.
I'll get in.
I grew up in the country.
I can't think of his name.
I think that she knows the truth.
I'm angry with her.
I love her and she loves me.
I have a cold.
I study English two hours a day on an average.
I'll be watching you.
I painted the gate blue.
I like walking at night.
I also like cake.
Me, too.
I'm in the same boat.
May I join you?
We have nothing in common.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
When can we eat?
We talked until two in the morning.
He doesn't like us.
Books occupy most of his room.
They have few books.
Nowadays anybody can get books.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
I fell asleep while reading.
Reading books is very interesting.
I don't have time to read.
I am reading a book.
I will return your book on Tuesday if I have finished it.
Put your books away.
Do you really love me?
You can't be serious.
Let's not deviate from the subject.
Really? It took me an hour by train.
The news is too good to be true.
Is that true?
I'm terribly sorry.
I do think so.
Many thanks.
He's really selfish.
It's really hot there.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
Tell me a true story.
The quality of translation has improved.
I like mahjong.
Do you know how to play mahjong?
The drug problem is international.
Drug addiction is a cancer in modern society.
I saw my sister there.
How's your sister?
My sister's hair reaches to her shoulders.
My sister saw it with her own eyes.
My sister is too young to go to school.
My sister has a job.
My little sister painted a picture of a snowman.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
My sister resembles my mother.
We played tennis after school every Saturday.
He does twenty push-ups every morning.
Millions of people starve to death every year.
We must keep a diary every day.
I go every year.
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
Can I get a pillow?
Perhaps I should take an umbrella with me just in case.
Workers of the world, unite!
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us.
All is well.
Fill it up.
I thought I was going to suffocate on the crowded train.
All the seats are booked.
You look contented.
Reading comics is usually viewed as the pastime of children.
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
Bees provide us with honey.
My pulse is fast.
Democracy encourages freedom.
Democracy is one form of government.
I'm sleepy!
Aren't you sleepy?
Are you sleeping, Tom?
Wake not a sleeping lion.
I'm trying to sleep.
Dreams come true.
Dreams came true.
Dreams sometimes come true.
Nothing can come of nothing.
An innocent man was arrested by mistake.
Might makes right.
Is it free?
The fog prevented the planes from taking off.
He had one daughter.
My daughter is barely fifteen.
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto.
I only know him by name.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
My name is Ichiro Tanaka.
Stand up when your name is called.
The light is on.
You left your lights on.
Obviously, he is lying.
Obviously he is wrong.
Akiko has some friends in France.
There will be a lunar eclipse tomorrow.
Since I will see him tomorrow, I can give him a message if you want.
May I call you tomorrow?
May I come and see you tomorrow?
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
I will ask him about it tomorrow.
I start tomorrow.
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
You mustn't be nervous about tomorrow's exam.
Call me at six tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning will be OK.
Get up early tomorrow morning!
Call me at the office tomorrow morning.
Come tomorrow morning.
I'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night.
I bet it will rain tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Christmas Day.
We have a test tomorrow.
I am going on a picnic tomorrow.
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it's going to rain tomorrow.
I don't think it'll rain tomorrow.
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
Tomorrow is a holiday.
I'll be absent tomorrow.
It'll snow tomorrow.
Tomorrow is her birthday.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
Tomorrow is my birthday and I will be seventeen.
I need to know by tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
I fear that it will rain tomorrow.
See you tomorrow in the office.
See you tomorrow at the library.
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
I'm going to see her tomorrow.
Come and see me tomorrow.
Do you have your driver's license?
Cotton sucks up water.
Cotton absorbs water.
Beware that you don't get into trouble.
You'll get into trouble.
It seems very interesting.
It took me more than a week to put the model ship together.
Do you have blankets?
Guide dogs help blind people.
Many trees fell down.
The tree fell down.
The road was obstructed by fallen trees.
Wood burns.
He wanted to know more about the trees, too.
Wood floats in water.
Wood burns easily.
Wood floats, but iron sinks.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday.
The trees are already bare.
We should know the result by Thursday.
Shut up and listen!
Just shut up and get on with your work!
I can see the light.
When I awoke, it was snowing.
It was almost noon when I woke up.
My eyes are sore.
Out of sight, out of mind.
The eye is bigger than the belly.
I'm awake.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
Open your eyes.
Keep your eyes open.
Open your eyes, please.
Wake up!
Dry your eyes.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
Don't shut your eyes.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
The alarm clock wakes me at seven.
I'll set the alarm for seven o'clock.
Is something wrong?
The question is this.
The problem is that we don't have enough money.
The question is who will do it.
It is time to shut the gate.
It was night.
Swimming at night is dangerous.
A fire broke out during the night.
It's eight o'clock at night.
Night is when most people go to bed.
I go to bed early at night.
Some animals are active at night.
It's a lot of fun playing outdoors.
I don't like baseball at all.
Don't you like baseball?
Baseball is an interesting sport.
Have you ever played baseball?
Let's play baseball.
He proposed that we should play baseball.
Some children do not like vegetables.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
Ambition drove him to murder.
Promises are made to be broken.
A promise is a promise.
You will keep your word, won't you?
It is not good to break a promise.
We must not forget our promise.
He has a drug allergy.
The medicine has worked.
I'm allergic to some medicine.
Are you allergic to any medicine?
Take medicine.
Oil does not mix with water.
Explain it in plain words.
He is kind.
My friends congratulated me on my success.
My friends scolded me for my stupid behavior.
My friends invited me to dinner.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
My friends celebrated my birthday.
My friends call me Beth.
All my friends and family are dead.
Bring along your friend.
Ghosts exist.
Do ghosts really exist?
All the money was gone.
Yukiko likes potatoes.
Yumi is one of my friends.
Yumi is leaving for Osaka the day after tomorrow.
It's hard to resist temptation.
Come and see me.
Let's play.
The mail has arrived.
The post office is the brown building.
Where is the post office?
I've just been to the post office.
The postman was bitten by that dog.
Let's have dinner.
It's time for dinner.
The dinner is almost ready.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
I don't want dinner.
What time will dinner be served?
Let me pay for the dinner.
Have you had dinner?
Evening was drawing near.
There were more spectators than I had expected.
I'll check my schedule.
They forecast it will be cloudy tomorrow.
I have a reservation.
Do you have an appointment?
Can I make a reservation?
Don't eat too much.
None of your business.
I've nothing to give.
I'd like to open a savings account.
Prophets have been forecasting the end of the world for centuries.
The little girl stuck out her tongue at him.
Do you believe in fairies?
Yoko is the captain of the volleyball team.
Take care!
We will be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
The leaves fell.
Send me a postcard.
In a word, life is short.
All I want is you.
Don't confuse desire with love.
The next morning, the snowman had completely melted.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
Please come.
Come and help us.
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
I am moving next month.
We are moving next month.
Next week a family will move in.
I will go to New York next week.
I'll see you a week from today.
Memorize the poem by next week.
I'll explain in detail next week.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
I want to study abroad next year.
Next year my birthday will fall on a Sunday.
I hope to build a new house next year.
I need a favor.
I'm begging you.
Lightning struck the tower.
Play it cool.
She's depressed.
We must keep calm.
I must have lost it.
All the eggs went bad.
The price of eggs is going up.
Eggs are sold by the dozen.
How would you like your eggs?
Beat the eggs.
Fry an egg for me.
If it had not been for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
There is going to be a storm.
How long will the storm last?
The storm has died down.
What's the name of your pharmacy?
Gradually the interest rate will increase.
Rie and I went to the same school.
I have been to the barber's.
Go jump in the lake.
Stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Stand up!
Don't stand up.
Keep out.
Stand up, please.
Fashions change quickly.
I study abroad.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
The tornado destroyed the whole village.
I feel like going on a trip.
I left my passport somewhere.
Do you like to travel?
Are you ready for the trip?
What's the purpose of your trip?
It's fun to travel.
Traveling is a luxury I cannot afford.
I can't afford the time to travel.
Don't talk about work. We're on vacation.
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.
Hold the vase with both hands.
Hands up!
Both of my parents are not strict with me.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
Be polite to your parents.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My parents are old.
The parents named their baby Akira.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
They are both good.
You are a good cook, aren't you?
The food was so good that I ate too much.
I hear you are good at cooking.
You are a good cook.
The food is cold.
Cooking is interesting.
I don't know how to cook.
I'm a good cook.
Please help me cook.
The hunting dog headed for the woods.
The hunter shot a bear.
I had a good idea.
A good idea occurred to him.
It is easy to distinguish good from evil.
I came early in order to get a good seat.
I left home early to get a good seat.
Good for you.
Well done is better than well said.
That's better.
You'll feel better.
Quality is more important than quantity.
I'd like a receipt, please.
My strength is all gone.
Green is associated with grass.
May I sit next to you?
The girl who lives next door is very pretty.
How far is it from here to the next village?
Tears ran down Alice's cheeks.
My eyes are watering.
Apes rank above dogs in intelligence.
Apes are intelligent.
For example, do you like English?
Quote me an example.
There is no rule without exceptions.
I am dying for a cold drink.
Bring me some cold water.
A cold wind was blowing.
Is there anything to drink in the refrigerator?
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.
History repeats itself.
We have ample time to catch our train.
Don't be late for the train.
I like to ride on trains.
You'll miss the train.
The train is made up of fifteen cars.
I think the train will come soon.
Trains are running on schedule.
The train finally arrived.
Will the train leave on time?
Is this love?
All's fair in love and war.
The lovers kissed.
Thanks for bringing me here.
The workers are on strike.
I'm saving money for my old age.
The old man was run over by a car.
An old woman was burnt to death.
An old woman is walking across the road.
I have a reservation for six-thirty.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Don't talk!
I want to talk to you about something.
May I speak to you?
I need someone to talk with.
It is a long story.
Don't change the subject.
We enjoy talking.
Let's change the subject.
Planets move around a fixed star.
I have an ache in my arm.
Stretch your arms straight.
I fractured my arm.
Let go of my arm!
I can't find my watch.
I had an asthma attack.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
I think I have tendonitis.
"How did it go? ""They said it was acute appendicitis."""
Use acrylic paint.
My internet connection was cut off.
Don't sneak out of the concert!
It's been a long while since we had such fine weather.
I broke my leg skiing.
That building is the tallest in Japan.
That girl loved climbing trees.
That soil is rich in humus.
No, no! That's not right.
I imagined my first kiss would be more romantic.
Eat up all your spinach!
Could you repeat that?
The lion is the king of the beasts.
Can I extend my stay?
Turn the volume up.
Let's break stereotypes!
Children should obey their parents.
We left the motorway at junction 11.
I knew I'd broken my wrist the moment I fell.
I like the simplicity of her dress.
Do it by yourself.
You should know it.
He did well for a beginner.
I bought a red tie.
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings.
No one wants to listen to my opinions.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
I heard that he'd died.
He did a cartwheel.
He is a handsome man.
He has guts.
She fell in love with him.
A little bird told me.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
How about tomorrow?
Ryoko has a cute little face.
You mean you're short on fuck-buddies?
She plays Bach.
The addict died from a drug overdose.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
It's all over.
We don't have polygamy in Japan, dear.
Despair drove him to attempt suicide.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
It's a typo. Sorry.
Fuck you!
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.
It's not worth reading any further.
It's getting darker outside now.
We received an eviction notice.
We need another person to play cards.
Start, dammit!
How about wearing contact lenses?
That's right, isn't it?
This may be a silly question, but which is stronger - a tiger or a lion?
Women want to have sex too.
I'm so drunk now that I'm seeing two keyboards.
True bravery is quite another thing from bravado.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Have I answered your question?
The car wouldn't start.
Which country are you from?
He held the trophy up high.
She was in a piteous state.
If there's a good way to sound out whether a woman has a boyfriend or not please tell me.
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
This newspaper is free.
May I please have your telephone number?
What goes around comes around.
It's been 10 days since my boyfriend went to jail.
Good morning!
They are only bold in what they say.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
Could you explain how the dishwasher works?
Mathematics is not detrimental to the appetite.
He never goes to school on the bus.
He's a good violinist, is this not true?
Shall we go to the cinema?
I am adding an example sentence.
He's the same age as I.
What is the date today?
I don't want to work.
With all due respect.
I get on with him well.
I love to dance.
Good evening.
I do not work.
I am eating rice.
I should stop procrastinating.
I am Chinese.
Who is your Chinese teacher?
I travelled around Europe.
I am the leader of this team.
The dress fits you very well.
Where does he work?
The radio is powered off.
I arrived at the village before dark.
I know you think you understood what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you realized that what you heard is not what I meant.
United we stand, divided we fall.
God is dead, and we have killed him.
No one is free; even the birds are chained to the sky.
I can't fall asleep.
I've seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
My house is near the church.
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
It seems she hates you.
It helped me a lot.
It's raining cats and dogs tonight.
What is the weather like today?
I am French.
Does your dog bite?
I am working.
Karin is Austrian.
I have many friends.
This photo was taken in Nara.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Once bitten, twice shy.
May I ask your name?
Who is he?
I'm Shanghainese.
Hello, Chicago!
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
Yes, we can.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves, if our children should live to see the next century, if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
Come in.
I am not going anywhere.
Don't let the chance slip away!
Do you have any condoms?
I'm pregnant.
My room is a mess.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
I don't know.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
Art for art's sake.
This hall holds two thousand people.
Let's take a coffee break.
To each his own.
I eat noodles.
Act. Don't talk.
Actions, not words.
Judy looked at me.
If it hadn't been for the seatbelt, I wouldn't be alive today.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
That's unbelievable!
No swimming.
Unfortunately, it's true.
It's always been that way.
The experiment succeeded.
When is the party?
Is this pure gold?
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
Like his father, he has many books.
She lived a happy life.
I don't like him.
They are all innocent children.
The box was empty when I opened it.
I like cats.
I forgot to ask him.
Study these sentences.
Don't hide under the bed.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Happy birthday, Muiriel!
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.
I must fix it.
In America, people play a different version of mahjong.
I am an intermediary who introduces business.
Who are you?
It was only a joke.
Keep the change.
It looked cheap.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
Nobody is perfect.
It's very romantic!
This caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
See you later!
I'm going to Japan with my girlfriend in August.
Happy New Year!
We should sit down.
Achoo!
It was freezing!
I play the violin.
Cold water, please.
Where is this train going?
Die!
I was disappointed.
I hate people who say that.
He had already gone.
In algebra a monomorphism is an injective homomorphism.
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
Linux is a free operating system; you should try it.
Some of my classmates are pure noobs; they know nothing about computing sciences.
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.
Most developers hate debugging; it's more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
The proof is left to the reader.
My car is broken.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
I am a vegetarian.
I am vegan.
Does this food contain any meat?
The end crowns the work.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
The die is cast.
We met a writer.
Life is a long, long road.
Cherries are red.
We are Arabs.
He is smart.
You are my friend.
This is my notebook.
My wife is a doctor.
Music is a universal language.
Thank God.
I have a problem.
The ambassador returned.
I don't know anything.
He raised his hand.
The students laughed.
He left the door open.
What a sentence!
This is a house and that is a mosque.
The door is open.
Where is the boy?
Did you go to school today?
I love Arabic.
Where are you from?
Where is your house?
Where do you live?
What is your address?
Some of them are teachers, and some are engineers.
Who are these two boys?
How many books did you read?
How many pens do you have?
I saw five men.
I have ten pens.
I have one sister.
The book is easy.
You are rich.
Bilal is educated.
Did you go to Cairo or Alexandria?
It's your turn.
I am not from India.
Bilal is taller than Karam.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
The boy is thirsty.
Schools were built.
The speech lasted thirty minutes.
He is ill.
He is sick.
An uncle of mine is a doctor.
There's a monster under my bed.
He went to the shop.
Where are you going to?
She spoke to me in Spanish.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
I like fishing.
Give me the key to this lock!
Give me the key to this castle!
Should we go by car or by taxi?
Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare.
I am from Norway.
Do you want the green or the blue?
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
She can count from one to ten.
I only need one onion for this recipe.
Who ate the bread?
What do you want to eat?
What? I can't hear you.
"What time is it? ""It's 3:20."""
He got up at eight in the morning.
You'd better go. It's getting late.
There are twelve months in a year.
What is your blood type?
Hasn't the parcel arrived yet?
She always got up early.
The sun is shining.
I don't feel like drinking vodka.
All these books are mine.
Cats don't like water.
She wanted to travel.
Auntie Wang, it's me.
You want to drink tea or coffee?
Are you serious?
Really?
Too bad.
Christmas approached.
Let's take a look.
He is no longer a child.
How are you?
I can love.
Hello!
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies.
I don't like this watch.
He is a waiter and also an actor.
Sawako wants to go to France.
I had a terrible dream.
This school was founded in 1650.
I am afraid of dogs.
He lives in Tokyo.
The work must be completed by tomorrow.
I'm French.
Perfect!
The radio is broken.
Some children are swimming in the river.
The price of oil is down this week.
Do you own a computer?
Thank you!
My name is Wang.
He comes from Hangzhou.
What happened?
Watch out!
What! This T-shirt is 3,000 yen? This is a rip-off!
There are two or three pens on the desk.
I am okay.
That was fun.
It is their only choice.
Are you ready?
I do not understand.
I don't understand.
We found a turtle in the garden.
We don't like the rain.
Betty killed his mother.
Marie is helping his mother.
Fine. And you?
Where is the nearest bench?
Do you speak English?
Clean the room.
In Venice, there are always lots of tourists.
I have a question.
When will he be back?
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
I didn't know that song.
He is in hospital.
I have a dog.
I saw a dog.
My sister often cries.
Good question!
The Shitennouji is the most ancient temple in Japan.
You must not eat too much ice-cream and spaghetti.
Today, I saw a starling.
My name is Andrea.
You are looking for your key.
It is snowing.
It's twenty past six.
Do you want to go?
I am right-handed.
It was less than fifteen dollars.
Latin is a dead language.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Don't forget the receipt.
They were hungry.
I'm an atheist.
I was accustomed to heat.
Children hate annoying teachers.
No one knows her name.
You are an idiot!
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
His garden is a work of art.
His eyes were shining with joy.
You didn't tell her anything?
I decided to tell her that I love him.
I decided to tell him that I love her.
He's crazy about you.
Have you eaten yet?
I play the piano.
He needs money.
We don't know him.
Let's take a tea break.
Can you teach me how to steal?
Can you teach me how to fly?
It's getting late. I gotta go.
This is Mr. Smith.
Sometimes, things are more beautiful when you look at them from a different angle.
Today I love the entire world.
I don't remember your name.
The sun is rising already.
I don't know why she isn't in my dreams. Maybe she doesn't want to be there in order not to disturb me.
He greeted the lady.
I dedicate this book to my daughter.
Is there an elevator?
I don't remember!
I have two nieces.
I want to speak about my love.
Nobody speaks to me.
We met on Sunday.
Today is a national holiday.
It's raining cats and dogs.
I have a lot of flowers.
The bell rang.
Excuse me, what time is it?
You're so beautiful!
Nicolas means that romanization of the Cyrillic alphabet is as beautiful as the sun, which burns your eyes when you look at it.
I don't know how to thank you.
She thanked for the present.
I was searching for something that didn't exist.
Is it really all over?
I don't have a sword.
I love you just as you are.
May the force be with you.
I can teach you how to drive.
He painted his bicycle red.
He is learning how to drive a car.
My bike was stolen last night.
Whose bike is this?
His bicycle is blue.
I am a man.
Do you like music?
He likes hunting.
Ogai is his favorite author.
He likes oranges.
Nobody likes war.
I don't like school.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
Don't be late to school tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
A cat came out from under the desk.
You have three cats.
I'll never forget your kindness as long as I live.
It's a little cold today.
This data isn't accurate at all.
The moon is already out.
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Whose house is across from yours?
Let's begin.
Let's start!
He swims better than I do.
I forgot to telephone him today.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
I have a high fever.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
What are your weekend plans?
He's out taking a walk.
Grace looked angry.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
Christmas is December 25th.
What did you buy her for Christmas?
Christmas is coming.
Christmas is coming soon.
Have a good Christmas.
He's afraid of dogs.
Ken's dog is very big.
He is American.
How many people are there in your family?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
We know that she was born in Canada.
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen.
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
He came back from China.
He leaves for China tomorrow.
I don't know her.
Where is the newspaper?
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
The boy is wearing glasses.
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
She made me wait for half an hour.
She slapped his face.
He is tall and handsome.
How are you today?
I'm happy, 'cause I'm learning some Dutch.
How to say XXX in Dutch?
How do you say XXX in Dutch?
And you, how are you?
I need to take a shower.
The cows behind my house only eat tulips.
To drive a car, you need a license.
He said that he wanted some money.
She went for a walk.
Is she so stupid that she believes that kind a thing?
Please be careful not to break this vase.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
These flowers aren't only beautiful, but they smell nice.
These flowers have a unique smell.
She helped him overcome his sadness.
There are no comments yet.
She hated him.
She disliked him.
She didn't like him.
She hated her husband.
She didn't like her husband.
She disliked her husband.
She liked him right off.
She doesn't care how she dresses.
She wore a beautiful dress.
She helped the old man across the street.
She testified that she saw the man.
I gave my seat to the old lady.
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.
Boys tend to look down on their younger sisters.
She kept on working.
She kept working.
He worked from morning till night.
I have a high temperature.
I'll always remember your kindness.
She answered my letter right away.
She answered in tears.
She complained about my low salary.
She really wants to lose weight.
She was accepted to Harvard.
She was accepted by Harvard.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
She was promoted.
She was in a hurry.
She was in a great hurry.
I was moved to tears by the story.
She was very happy with my gift.
She spent all afternoon cooking.
She was busy with housework.
She was run over by a car.
She was hit by a car.
The dog was hit by a car.
She was almost hit by a car.
I was almost hit by a car.
She didn't feel like eating lunch.
She went to the museum by cab.
She went to the museum by taxi.
She went to a movie the other day.
Let's go to a movie.
She cried as she read the letter.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
She may come.
In my opinion, he is correct.
I have a feeling that she will come today.
Mary came in.
He lied to us.
He told us a lie.
He likes watching TV.
She opened the letter quickly.
It's true that she's dead.
Green suits Alice.
I saw Shin'ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
We are men.
We are boys.
What do you think she is doing now?
What's she doing?
She gave up smoking.
She quit smoking.
He can read well.
He can read.
This is a wooden table.
She achieved her goal.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Miss Sato is the president's new secretary.
She is a famous singer.
He reached his goal.
He achieved his goal.
He is intelligent.
I'll have a coffee and a croissant.
There's nothing as precious as love.
These oranges have rotted.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
Symmetry is boring.
My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Why is machine translation useless?
I am a cat. I don't have a name yet.
Life is more hellish than hell itself.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
I came to Toronto at the beginning of June.
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician, the current Prime Minister of Italy, as well as a successful entrepreneur.
Don't be shy.
I told him to leave the room.
I want to live in Italy.
Can you tell me your address?
This room is quiet.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Those who spend too much time traveling become strangers in their own country.
Don't believe what she says.
He loves traveling.
He loves taking trips.
Is this what you wanted?
Why did you come here?
He's three years older than me.
He's three years older than I am.
Who is younger, him or me?
This is a DVD.
Is this your DVD?
Don't sugar your tea.
Finally!
I know everything.
The woman is reading.
I have some time, but never very much...
Please.
How was the French class?
I wonder why.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
We have new data about production and sale of electric fly swatters worldwide.
This technology is an incredible thing!
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
He's a hopeless case.
He will come soon.
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.
Summer is over.
He loves her.
I made her angry.
I have two cousins.
I'm counting how many people there are.
I've never met her.
A lot of children don't hear the difference very well.
What's the difference between a village and a town?
Two plus two makes four.
What's the matter?
That red dress looks good on her.
Heroes always arrive late.
That's a great poem.
I found a rare stamp at that store.
I can't stand him.
I can't remember the melody to that song.
Switzerland needs better apples.
I know those women.
I know those girls.
He hasn't got a bicycle.
Giraffes have very long necks.
I think he's happy.
That guy annoys me.
This annoys me.
I forgot your phone number.
She has beautiful handwriting.
She writes beautifully.
The river flooded the entire region.
His face turned pale.
It is really nice of you.
It's only leaves and branches.
She wept all the night.
Great!
This fact proves his innocence.
Serving people is his sole purpose in life.
If I were you, I'd follow his advice.
His success is the result of many years of perseverance.
I don't know her address.
A sandwich without ham is not a sandwich.
I love math.
Where did all the bread go?
I haven't forgotten.
This is a sentence.
The door of the office is yellow.
It's the thought that counts.
I don't understand what you are trying to say.
Would you please close that window?
It started to snow.
These are our books.
That book is theirs.
This is my CD.
Do you have this new book?
I don't have this book.
Do you have two computers?
This computer is yours, isn't it?
Have you a receipt?
It wasn't very clever of you to throw away that note.
And now?
A man without ideals is hollow.
I'm an engineer.
Where they burn books, they will eventually burn people.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
I am tired.
That boy is smart.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
I just got up.
I'm just kidding.
That house is mine.
I admire his talent.
I do my homework after school.
I don't understand why Germany won the Eurovision.
Hello, world!
The girl sitting at the piano is my daughter.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
How boring.
I always walk.
When are you going home?
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
Can I use a credit card?
It's October the third.
She likes Russian pop.
Life is not convex.
Do you accept credit cards?
English is a global language.
I am translating.
I love Korean food.
Next Monday is a holiday.
It's time to go to sleep.
I think he won't come.
He's smart.
He's intelligent.
I want to go to Lviv...
Where is his family?
I went to donate blood today.
Are you alone?
He keeps his word.
He lost face.
I must study.
What do you want to drink?
I want a cup of iced tea.
What would you like to eat?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
I don't know anything about their relationship.
I have nothing to do with their troubles.
I don't want to buy this kind of sofa.
We sometimes meet them.
This morning, I saw an angel.
You should go too!
Speaking in English is fun.
Speaking English isn't easy.
I love you very much.
My English is not good at all.
He became a policeman.
I'm practising judo.
My dream is to go to Japan.
I would like to go to Japan.
I wanna go to Japan.
He is very handsome.
When I woke up in the morning, there was no one in the house. I was abandoned for the whole day.
He's curious about everything.
You have to wait in line.
For me, this is not a problem.
My brother is an idiot.
What time does the next train leave?
He pretended not to hear me.
I remember that man's name very well.
"Are you a teacher? ""Yes, I am."""
Why did you buy it?
What did you do with my luggage?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What did you eat for lunch today?
According to the weather forecast, it will snow tomorrow.
They show no remorse for their misdeeds, but continue to commit one crime after another.
It tastes really good.
The monkey fell from the tree.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
You don't have a fever.
She teaches us French.
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
Why are Japanese so prejudiced against lesbians and bisexuals?
It's not a wife that I want, but a sex friend.
I like to eat watermelon.
You can't prove that.
We will visit them soon.
I can't understand his feelings.
I don't like men like him.
I don't know anything about his past.
I couldn't find his house.
No, I don't understand Mrs. Kunze.
Do you understand me?
Yes, I understand you well.
Where's the airport?
Do you understand?
You're welcome.
No, that's not the station.
Yes, it's there too.
What's that there?
Is the embassy here to the right?
How much does that cost?
And a little bread.
And the tea isn't good either.
How's the water here?
Which tooth hurts?
I could hardly hear him.
I slapped his face.
I'm behind him.
I can barely stand his behavior.
I can't stand his arrogance.
I'm at home.
I'm hungry!
Do you understand what I'm saying?
He asked his friends for help.
What is happiness?
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
She intended to become an actress.
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas!
Daddy, buy me a vuvuzela!
You shouldn't go.
I'm going there alone.
Don't you play tennis?
You like it, don't you?
You can do it, can't you?
He's eating an apple.
She's eating an apple.
They're eating apples.
We're eating apples.
I saw John at the library.
Today the weather is nice.
The Romanians from Transylvania speak very slowly.
I will give him the book tomorrow.
You could feed a village in Africa for the price of an iPhone subscription.
Have you ever tried body painting?
Did you find the difference between these two photos?
They are about the same age.
Tom is good at cooking.
Tom is older than I am.
Tom is still in the hospital.
Tom is a good person.
Tom is my friend.
What's your favorite sport?
A stitch in time saves nine.
Maybe later.
And then?
What else?
I like white wine better than red wine.
Probably it will snow tomorrow.
I forced her to do my homework.
I missed you.
Can I borrow this umbrella?
Do you often travel abroad?
It will probably snow tomorrow.
Open your heart.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
We need to help Kyrgyzstan, said Putin to Hu Jintao... in my dream.
This student's books are new.
We have two kids.
My wife is cooking right now.
What's your name?
The problem resolved itself.
Peter sees that the garage door is open.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
That's the help we need.
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.
The job market is not saturated.
I planted an apple tree in my garden.
Not even death can save you from me.
I'm thinking of going.
One of the students didn't come today.
What's the date today?
God willing...
The chance is gone.
I'd be happy to help you.
What you say is true.
I don't like your girlfriend.
Life is too short to learn German.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
I don't understand what you are saying.
I haven't seen him since then.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I am hungry.
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.
I am a very sad person.
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Thank you for inviting us to dinner.
I don't meet him so often.
She is beautiful.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people.
A living dog is better than a dead lion.
It's a quarter past eight.
Maybe, maybe not...
She likes oranges.
I have a stupid question.
Does she like oranges?
She goes to night school.
We've arrived.
Well, let's go.
Wait a moment.
I continued singing.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
That's my favorite chair.
I like you.
I'm walking with her.
Don't touch my camera.
Am I wrong?
We need your help.
What do you do for a living?
What's your occupation?
You've been deceived.
Where is my clock?
How can I get in touch with you?
It's for you to decide.
To love life is to love God.
He who has love, is in God, and God is in him, for God is love.
God shave the Queen!
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you what you are.
The other team took us lightly.
You can do anything with mayonnaise, except sit on it.
Appetite comes with eating, but the thirst goes away with drinking.
I can't remember his name.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
I'll pay.
You should go in person.
You might be late for school.
Why were you there?
I missed the last train.
I want this camera.
You're right.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country, and never of killing for their country.
In America everybody is of opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors.
You're Germans, aren't you?
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate?
Do you want to go to the movies or to the theater?
I don't cry easily.
Please give me a ticket for the seven o'clock show.
When I realized it was raining, I took my umbrella.
Soon I have to go get a haircut.
I would have gone to the mountains had I had the money.
I visited Dan.
I see Dan.
I see Dana.
I saw Dana.
They see Dan.
I was a student at that time.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
A lie has no legs.
Better safe than sorry.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
The bus driver didn't see the pedestrian.
She takes a shower every morning.
She has beautiful eyes.
I'm doing this for you.
The weak are food for the strong.
Are you married?
This is my father's.
Ann doesn't have a sister.
Ann loves chocolate.
Physician, heal thyself.
No problem!
They weren't at home yesterday.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
It's OK.
Come home.
This is my mother.
Let's try it.
What is this shit?
Good evening, how are you?
What's this?
If I could be like that...
This medicine will help you.
I live near here.
My black shoes need heel repairs.
Please translate this Japanese text into French.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The nakedness of woman is the work of God.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
I can't see anything.
It is true that behavior cannot be legislated, and legislation cannot make you love me, but legislation can restrain you from lynching me, and I think that is kind of important.
I went to the cinema with my brother.
You're completely right.
The heart of man is the place the devil dwells in; I feel sometimes a hell within myself.
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
It was a quiet winter evening.
I'm a lefty.
I'm really tired and want to go to bed early.
He wrote a letter.
As soon as he was left alone, he opened the letter.
Do you speak French?
Both sisters are very beautiful.
I don't wear glasses anymore.
I quit smoking.
I will try.
Rock, paper, scissors.
The castle is beautiful.
This castle is beautiful.
Did you buy this book?
Please sit down.
No woman is as arrogant as she is.
All men naturally hate each other.
Impossible is not a French word.
Trang's party was as much fun as a funeral wake.
Korean mental hospitals have been compared to concentration camps. Patients are said to be treated like animals who are subjected to violence and maltreatment rather than therapy.
Necessity knows no law.
He called me a taxi.
He works at a bank.
Where are you going?
What did you have for lunch today?
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
We disturbed him.
Is English harder than Japanese?
You need this.
Heaven and Hell only exist in men's hearts.
"Really? ""Yes, really."""
What is the problem?
What did the doctor say?
Wow! It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you in ages.
He lost his job.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I made a doll for Ann.
These shoes are hers.
My eyes hurt.
I have a sore throat.
I'm going out in an hour.
Law and politics are two different things.
Even children can read this book.
You idiot!
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.
Lithuania is a member of the European Union.
When will you get married?
When are you going to get married?
There's no one in the room.
I don't think he'll come.
"Age? ""16."""
"How old are you? ""I'm sixteen."""
Hurt people hurt people.
She used to be a teacher.
I have a lot of homework.
I continued working.
A long time ago, there was a bridge here.
Example sentence no. 354618 created a lot of confusion on the Tatoeba website.
There was a lot of snow last year.
I have to study for the test.
I enjoy eating hot soup.
I don't like movies.
I'll return at 6:30.
All is illusion.
Could you talk a little slower?
The TV's on.
He's still at work.
They aren't here yet.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
I would like something to drink.
We only have tea.
We only make Uighur food.
We have five kinds of kebab.
I can come tomorrow.
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang are an unbeatable team.
They haven't arrived yet.
I'd better get to bed soon.
In times of crisis one should never idealise the past.
I started reading the book.
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
My eyes are blue.
My room is on the fourth floor.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
There's no beer here.
What should I buy?
A new broom sweeps clean.
It's hot.
I don't like Alice.
Aaron killed Elizabeth.
Abbott killed Mary.
Betty is a serial killer.
George seems to be a good boy.
Elizabeth killed Alister in cold blood.
When will we reach the airport?
That desk is too small for Meg.
Tom made some mistakes on the test.
Where is Hakata station located?
My opinion is completely different from yours.
I know her.
Betty is a dance teacher.
Betty came last.
Hey, Mimi! How's it going?
Iceland belonged to Denmark.
I'm a new student.
They got married when they were still young.
She leaned on his shoulder.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
What time do you go to work?
We often play chess.
Ostriches can't fly.
Mary killed Abbott.
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.
If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging.
Demetrius is slandering me!
Don't talk with your mouth full.
It will snow tomorrow.
They say everything's bigger in Texas, and that includes absurdity in law enforcement.
These are my CDs.
With great power comes great responsibility.
We don't have enough time.
I'll never come back.
He is good-natured.
That was a lie.
Will the police come?
There's no one sitting here.
I can't find the knife.
Every non-trivial program has at least one bug.
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
Don't let the enemy get close.
John is good at maths.
I've heard that Robert is ill.
The soul is the prison of the body.
It wasn't real love.
This is a Chinese fan.
That was all Greek to me.
Good night!
The doorbell rang.
I don't know the details.
I'm unemployed.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
I remember having seen her some place.
Nancy seems tired.
What would you like to do today?
He's a very talented man.
One can't live without water.
You should phone your mother as soon as you can.
Travelling is a luxury I can't allow myself.
There were only six people at the meeting.
This book belongs to Tony.
It rained a lot last year.
Let's order twenty kebabs!
Can I come in?
Who's working tonight?
Do you eat meat?
Where's the cook?
Is a thousand yen enough?
I often have nightmares.
There's a lot to see in Paris.
The watch doesn't work.
He has a foreign car.
He's in Tokyo.
There was a church here once.
The plane accident cost the lives of 200 people.
What time is it?
Her anger is understandable.
My knife is broken.
Good luck!
He often plays guitar.
Let's wait for another 5 minutes.
When did you meet her?
It's fucking hot.
You didn't have to come so early.
Just a moment ...
He's photogenic.
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
Are you new?
You didn't have to get off so early.
He was in France.
I start.
We're going home.
I've got a 38.9 degree fever.
Apples are red.
There were two cakes.
Is it really possible to predict an earthquake?
Your name, please.
This bread is delicious.
Nancy had never seen a giant panda.
This is my office.
The French were defeated at Waterloo.
What do you know about him?
He speaks Chinese fluently.
I was curious to know why people had been staring at me.
How long does it take to get to the airport with the airport bus?
How long does it take to get to the airport on the airport bus?
He never loses hope.
Everyone wants to know you; you're famous.
You had been smoking, hadn't you?
Will you sell me your house?
Yesterday, I bought a red car.
How does one pronounce your first name?
I think he's right.
The station is located between these two towns.
It snowed for four days.
I'm proud to be working on this project.
My name is Hashimoto.
What horrible weather.
He doesn't seem to be a very intelligent boy.
Everyone likes her.
Our son died during the war.
Thus spoke Zarathustra.
To be continued.
Learn Uyghur!
Are all the passengers aboard?
Please forgive me for not having written to you earlier.
He has three sons.
I use Firefox.
She is dead.
This table is clean.
I need more gold.
I want my money back.
Nothing special happened.
Is this real?
She's famous as a singer but not as a poet.
Fish do not have the brain development that is necessary for the psychological experience of pain or any other type of awareness.
Cut the potatoes.
Our restaurant is the best.
Will you come back tomorrow?
How many books does he have?
Just do it.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
I'm bored.
I can't wait for the weekend to begin.
Would you like anything to drink?
Gentlemen, start your engines.
When a sentence is not owned by anyone, like this one, you can correct it yourself.
I'm a little taller than you.
Latin is the language of the future!
If you love me, love my dog, too.
I've already seen the film.
Better than nothing.
What the hell are you doing?
Hours pass, and she's counting the minutes.
Don't be that worried.
Your problems don't concern me.
I was a teacher.
To err is human.
Go back, Satan!
To be or not to be, that is the question.
A sound mind in a sound body.
Forgive me, for I have sinned.
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
The sciatic nerve is the longest nerve in the human body.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
How much does this cost?
Could you call me back later?
I saw the hill.
Please fill in using block letters.
Please affix the address label here.
No, thanks.
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
I am a Roman citizen.
"There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it ""The Drunkard's Edition""."
It was very dark.
This is my favorite project.
I can add many sentences in different languages.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
What did you say?
God exists.
It's impossible.
I understand.
I got it.
I'll do it.
I quickly ate lunch.
That's right!
Go away.
Of course.
Could you turn it down?
What're you saying?
Wash your face and hands.
Do you like it?
Don't move.
Excuse me.
This is surprising.
Wonderful!
Fantastic!
Awesome!
For what purpose?
It's dangerous!
Go away!
It's business.
It's work.
It's my job.
I'll take care of it.
I think I'm right.
I'll give you five dollars.
This is true.
Yes, I know it.
Try it again.
What's the name of this tune?
I have no money.
I don't have any money.
That's too bad.
Socialism or barbarism.
Answer my questions.
I've seen that.
Don't touch it.
It's a nice day.
The sky is clear.
Don't get fat.
Do you have a fever?
Please don't ask.
I'm serious.
I made a mistake.
That's enough.
Did you call?
It's lunch time.
It's time to eat lunch.
Is that it?
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism.
Has anything changed?
Once again.
Of course!
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.
Don't worry about it.
Follow him.
I'm OK.
There are no problems.
I'm very hungry.
It's a secret.
Speak clearly.
I've had enough.
I'm full.
Finally, it's Friday.
OK. I agree.
You're kidding!
I think it's OK.
What does not kill me, makes me stronger.
One must eat to live, and not live to eat.
I'm very busy.
I'll buy this.
I think you went too far.
About what?
Admission is free for children.
All roads lead to Rome.
Anything else?
Are they new?
Are you from here?
Are you hungry?
Are you sick?
Are you thirsty?
What an asshole!
At what time does it close?
Bartender, I'd like to have a drink.
Bastard!
Because it's too big.
Because they're watching television.
Bless you!
Call me!
Can you help me, please?
Can you help me?
Can you lower the price?
Can you repair these shoes?
Can you ship it to New York City?
Can you take me to the airport, please?
Carlos is intelligent and creative.
Come here quickly.
Come with me.
Did you do your homework?
Did you sleep well?
Do you agree?
Do you have a blog?
Do you have a vacancy?
Do you have an e-mail address?
Do you have any tape?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have this shirt in black?
Do you have tuna fish?
Do you know a good dentist?
Do you like rain?
Do you like snow?
Do you like white wine?
Do you remember us?
Do you speak Arabic?
Do you speak Chinese?
Do you want a little cake?
Do you want children?
Do you want this shirt?
Does anyone here speak English?
Does the hat fit well?
Each child has his own room.
Enough!
Everything he says is true.
Everything is very expensive in this store.
Excuse me?
Excuse me. Where is the bakery?
Faggot.
Fancy a drink?
For sale.
From which direction?
Fuck your mom, bitch.
Fuck your mom.
Fucking whore.
Goodbye and good luck.
It's half past eight.
Have you finished?
He doesn't like oranges.
He has a little money.
He is an author famous for his novels and stories.
He is from France.
He is saving in order to buy a house.
He is thirty years old.
He likes to swim.
He needs a towel.
He said it as a joke.
He sells cars.
He sells fruit.
He speaks Arabic.
He wants red glasses.
He washes himself.
He washes the car.
He weighs 70 kilos.
He won many competitions.
He works at night.
He works in the morning.
He writes Arabic.
He's got a headache.
Help!
Here is my baggage.
I like playing sports.
I like sports.
What a strong wind!
I have an opinion.
Let's meet again soon.
You're lying, aren't you?
Did something happen?
It's a real bargain.
Bon voyage!
Whose turn is it?
He earns his living by writing.
It's too big.
It's too large.
That shop has many customers.
I'm worried for you.
I hate coffee.
I'll attend.
I like math.
I like mathematics.
Long live the Soviet Union!
Calm down.
This place is large, isn't it?
There is a traffic jam on the highway.
What colour was Henri IV's white horse?
Yesterday was Sunday.
He drank a lot yesterday.
He can also speak Russian.
I wonder if this is love.
I am the State!
Please come in.
That's an imitation.
That's a fake.
I love parties.
That's a good question.
Lemons are sour.
Has something happened?
It's an easy victory.
Do it now.
You don't have to eat.
Life is fun.
It's free.
My TV has quit working.
Welcome to hell!
Fuck off!
How can I help you?
How do you know that?
How long are you going for?
How many flowers did you buy?
How much does a beer cost?
How much do the carrots cost?
How much does it cost?
How much is the ticket?
How old are you?
How old is that painting?
How old is this zoo?
How is your surname written?
I am short.
I am tall.
I agree.
I always give something to the beggars.
I am a doctor.
I am a friend of Robert's.
I am a journalist.
I am buying a ladder in the hardware store.
I am called Sara.
I am cold.
I am divorced.
I am eating lunch with my sister.
I am from Egypt.
I am from Russia.
I am happy.
I am hot.
I am leaving at ten o'clock.
I am Lin.
I am looking for a white mini skirt!
I am married and I have two sons.
I am not allergic to penicillin.
I am playing in the park.
I am ready.
I am sick.
I am sure.
I am too short.
I am very sorry.
I brush my teeth after breakfast.
I brush my teeth with a toothbrush.
I can't find the address of my hotel.
I cannot help you.
I couldn't go out because it was raining.
I didn't do it on purpose.
I do not drink coffee.
I don't feel comfortable here.
I don't know if I have enough money.
I don't know what to say.
I don't know. It depends on the price.
I don't understand you.
I don't speak Chinese.
I drink coffee in the morning.
I feel dizzy.
I feel seasick.
I feel well.
I go to bed at 10.30.
I have a backache.
I have a chest pain.
I have a Facebook account.
I have a pain in my chest.
I have a reservation for today.
I have a toothache.
I have booked a table for four.
I have brown hair.
I have missed my train.
I have my own room.
I have something in my eye.
I hope you like it.
I'll kill you.
I left it on the table.
I like rain and snow.
I like the black shoes.
I like the new house more than the old.
I like to study foreign languages.
I live in a flat.
I lost my passport!
I lost my wallet.
I love my life.
I love you a lot.
I must admit that I was mistaken.
I need a doctor!
I need a hammer.
I need a job.
I need it by tomorrow.
I need money.
I need more time.
I need the keys.
I need to make a telephone call.
I prefer a lighter color.
I shave every morning.
I shit in your milk.
I speak Arabic but I study English.
I teach Chinese.
I teach English.
I thank you with all my heart.
I walk to school.
I want to kiss you.
I want to pay with a check.
I want to pay with a credit card.
I want to spend my life with you.
I want you to be here.
I want you to come here.
Moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon.
I wash myself.
One for all, all for one.
In God We Trust.
Truth prevails.
We are a fortress.
She is not tall.
Yes, we can go.
I don't give a damn about the stock market!
I am too busy to go.
Be yourself!
This is made in Kazakhstan.
This is food.
Cecil lit a candle.
I think we agree, the past is over.
The shower is broken.
She's our neighbour.
Where are my glasses?
We are happy.
You must go.
We are all Americans.
Barcelona is the capital city of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain.
I may be plump, but I'm vigorous.
Which is the best government? That which teaches us to govern ourselves.
We don't know her.
Bill has a lot of friends.
Marilyn Monroe died 33 years ago.
I like this dog.
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi.
I haven't finished reading this book.
Do you live with your parents?
You're the boss.
I've been here before.
This website is very useful.
Put the carrots in the pot.
If you're hungry, then eat.
This dog is white.
I've done questionable things.
I have a dog and a cat.
I am looking for my brother.
Whose fault is it?
Please do that.
It was a terrible day.
Everyone was happy.
Spring has come.
Choose one person.
Summer has ended.
It's time to get up.
Please think about it.
Follow my advice.
Who drew it?
It's as cold as ice.
The Capitalists will sell us the rope with which we will hang them.
Prices went up.
This flag is very beautiful.
That's a good plan.
That's a good idea.
My right hand is Uighur, and my left is Han.
I'm 19.
Take a deep breath.
In any case, it's always my fault.
Are these your things?
Great, isn't it?
Please open the bottle.
That's not fair.
That isn't fair.
Isn't it black?
Is that pure gold?
I slept for nine hours.
It's too quiet.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
I need to renew my passport.
Can all birds fly?
She showed me her new car.
Could somebody please open the door?
I live here.
I don't like that kind of music.
What are you cooking?
What did you talk about?
Octopus Paul was right.
I am Edgar Degas.
I do not like the rich.
They are among us!
I want to try this.
It's all the rage.
You've come back?
I'm ill.
Woods burn easily.
Stop!
My son believes in Father Christmas.
I'm so unlucky!
Thanks!
He studies computational linguistics.
Do you have a receipt?
I wonder why he did that.
There's no need to apologize.
There isn't any soap.
It's snowing.
It was a very hot day.
No one knows.
Catch him.
The train has arrived.
What's that bird called?
Let's eat sushi.
Don't be disappointed.
Do you drink coffee?
I eat here.
Your dog is here.
This is your key.
Keep going straight.
What should I do?
He is about to leave.
That's very big.
How am I going to get home?
Let's go by bus.
Come if you can.
Please speak more loudly.
Would you like to eat something?
There's no need to hurry.
Clean the mirror.
What's in this bag?
Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
He likes playing football.
He came to Berlin as a teacher.
Cologne lies on the Rhine.
The doctor gave me a shot.
I need a map.
Where is the emergency exit?
Jim raised his hand.
She has few friends.
Everybody likes him.
Everyone likes him.
She has three brothers.
"Honey, quick, quick. There's this website called Tatoeba that's auctioning its sentence collection for a cent each! They've even got special offers like buy 100 sentences and get 1 free! ""Ah great! now people collect sentences as a hobby?! What's the world coming to!"""
Save a human. Eat a cannibal.
Tatoeba: Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock!
He just arrived.
Who wants hot chocolate?
He's crazy about soccer.
Tatoeba: Sentences, sentences, and more sentences.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
This is an international community.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Don't lie to me.
I plead guilty.
When one takes a bath, the telephone rings.
He has blond hair.
I don't want it.
My mother can't come.
He has three daughters.
The pie is delicious.
I lost the watch that my father gave me.
Cats have nine lives.
I was in the train for twelve hours.
He is the best among us.
I bought some cheese and milk.
I'm afraid of spiders.
I want a good dictionary.
I have two daughters.
I'm going to need your help.
The phone doesn't work right now.
Happy birthday!
Compare the facts.
The coalition of the willing.
The responsibility is mine.
I am a boy.
He threw a stone into the lake.
I play violin.
That's the opinion of a dilettante.
What's this street called?
It rained yesterday evening.
Love is blind.
I live in Kobe.
He came in through the window.
Does it snow a lot here in the winter?
I have a glass eye.
It's obvious that he's right.
He said the truth.
I ordered two hamburgers.
He neglects his studies.
You're really loathsome!
Here is Japan.
Where is the tea with milk?
I brush my teeth after eating.
The problem is that solar energy is too expensive.
This book is about stars.
They showed the scene in slow motion.
I missed my train.
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
Life is a dream.
Don't touch the button.
He is short but strong.
He darkened the room.
Aoi is a good dancer.
I will go at 10.
We walked on the dune.
It's not a big deal.
The following people were put to the test.
Don't drink and drive.
His socks are gray.
He'll arrive within an hour.
It's clear that he's rich.
I was playing tennis.
I'm a diabetic.
He should have been an actor.
Maybe it'll snow.
I don't want meat.
I would like to meet his father.
Few people have two cars.
I am prepared for the worst.
I prefer going by foot to bicycling.
I am proud of my shoes.
I have two brothers and a sister.
She is only two years old but is able to count to 100.
Don't open your book.
According to his opinion, yes.
They love that song.
He is photogenic.
The climate is changing.
This snake is not venomous.
You arrive soon, don't you?
My father has a lot of books.
We will terrorize the terrorists.
Iron is a very useful metal.
One does not buy happiness.
I no longer love him.
Leave me in peace!
His room's a mess.
I studied in Boston from 2003 to 2007.
I had an idea.
There's a little bit of water in the glass.
I already have an envelope.
The Earth is like a ball with a large magnet inside.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
How do you know?
It looks like she's got a lot of friends.
These shoes are too big for me.
Who broke the vase?
You work too much.
You will have to work a lot.
The days are getting longer.
Jump as high as you can.
You like English, don't you?
My grandfather loves to read.
The Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
I don't know what to do.
My clock needs to be fixed.
She warned the children not to play on the street.
I give in.
I think, therefore I am.
My neighbor renovated his house completely.
I need to shave.
Wow, it's pretty cold today.
This is a friend of mine.
What time is it now?
He is guilty of theft.
What are you interested in?
Would you mind if I came along?
I work in a hospital.
I work in the morning.
I would like an air-conditioned room.
I would like to hire a car.
I'm lost.
I've got a reservation.
I've lost my bag.
I'm cold.
I'm drinking water because I'm thirsty.
I'm hot.
In one week there are seven days.
Is flight 23 on time?
Is it cloudy?
Is it foggy?
Is it hot?
Is that OK now?
Is that the train I have to take?
Is there a shop at this zoo?
It depends on the weather.
It hurts here.
It is foggy.
It is not for beginners.
It is too late.
It isn't easy to learn a foreign language.
It was just a passing infatuation.
It was love at first sight.
It was very windy.
It's 3:30.
It's ten to nine.
It's early.
It's midnight.
It's a bit further way.
It's cold today!
It's hailing.
It's incredible.
It's raining.
It's spring.
It's strange that nobody knows us.
It's too far away.
Look into my eyes.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
Make a circle and hold hands.
Many museums are closed on Mondays.
May I come in?
May I help you?
May I leave a message?
May I use your telephone?
Mom is washing the dog because he's dirty.
Must I open everything?
My bottle broke.
My brother has nothing.
My favorite dance is the tango.
My last name is Jones.
My luggage is in the boot.
My mobile has been stolen.
My name is Henry.
My new dress is red.
My old dress is blue.
My parents are divorced.
My parents don't speak English.
My parents don't understand me.
My tie is orange.
My tooth hurts.
No. I want to pay in cash.
None of the children are sitting.
Once a day...
Our work never ends.
Pablo and María were here.
Please speak more slowly.
Please write it down.
Pleased to meet you.
Raise your hand.
She became pregnant.
She burst into tears.
She has a few books.
She has a very pretty face.
She has dry hair.
She has more books.
She is buying books in the bookstore.
She is from France.
She is in the bathroom.
She likes to run.
She lives in New York.
He can be proud of his father.
Have you had dinner already?
This is his house.
But why?
There are no clean plates.
Hungry?
Do you come here every day?
Harvard was founded in 1636.
I trust you.
We tend to make mistakes.
I don't have time.
Well, take it.
I'm really sorry!
I lost my trust in him.
Maurice Ravel had a nice bike.
Don't underestimate us.
Don't underestimate me.
We like playing soccer.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
My favorite color is red.
Please don't make much noise.
I lost my key.
Take some aspirin.
Good night, Timmy!
Crazy!
The water's warm enough for a swim.
My native language is Japanese.
English has a lot of idiomatic expressions to offer.
Our native language is Japanese.
It's hard to learn a foreign language.
Music is the universal language.
Sweden has its own language.
It's hard to speak three languages.
English is not my first language.
Jorge can speak four languages.
Greek is not an easy language.
What language do they speak in your country?
His house is very modern.
The furniture in this office is really modern.
The roses in the garden are blooming.
Has he failed again?
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
Mind your head.
He is one of my neighbors.
Did he pass the test?
Do you know his older brother?
His son died last year.
How does this camera work?
I'm coming right away.
The job is practically done.
I'm often in trouble.
I couldn't stop laughing.
Words express thoughts.
What did she say?
I'm using Twitter.
How can you contribute to our organisation?
Where is your dog?
She returned the book to the library.
You're an idiot.
I am American.
She sells flowers.
She sells vegetables.
She speaks Chinese.
She's found herself a boyfriend.
Shit.
Show me where it hurts you.
Shut up!
Since you're here, you can help me.
Single or double room?
Some of you already know me.
Some students aren't going to come back next semester.
Sorry, I don't have any money.
Stay there.
Suck my dick.
Take a seat, please.
Tea without ice.
Thank you for your help.
That hurts.
That man is dead.
That's all, thanks.
The bakery is on Pino Street.
The bedrooms are upstairs.
The bill, please.
The blouse is clean.
The book costs fifteen dollars.
The books are on the table.
The bookstore is open.
The bridge was built by the Romans.
The carrots cost three dollars.
The cat is watching the fish.
The coffee is cold.
The coffee is nasty.
The customer is always right.
The doors were closed.
The eagle had to be fed by hand.
The elevator is out of order today.
The fish smells bad.
The girl is reading with her grandfather.
The horse is far from the house.
The kids are making too much noise.
The lemonade is cold.
The library is closed on Sundays.
The man is hungry.
The money is on the table.
The pink pillow is clean.
The post has to be collected.
The red house is new.
The red skirt is new.
The reign of Philip II lasted forty years.
The restaurant is on the ground floor.
The rice is delicious.
The socks smell bad.
The tea costs two euros.
The tea is hot.
The ticket costs 100 euros.
The train leaves at nine.
The university bears the name of its founder.
The value of the dollar is going up.
The wind blows.
The window is open.
The woman awakens.
The woman eats an orange.
The woman likes to play tennis.
The woman washes her face.
The women are working.
The women have umbrellas.
The young man is a doctor.
The young man lives in an old house.
There are many countries in Europe that I'd like to visit.
There are no tickets left.
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining room, a living room, and a bathroom.
These are animals.
They are eating their apples.
They are gray.
They are watching a movie.
They become nervous.
They eat chocolate.
They wash their hands.
They live in a city close to Beijing.
They live in a house.
They lost the war on the eastern front.
This article is of no value.
This camera is cheap.
This car is fast.
This chair is light.
This chair is plastic.
This chair is too small.
This city is in the United States.
This is cold.
This is going very well.
This is my book.
This is my brother.
This is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.
This is my old bicycle.
This is my sister. She is called Julia.
This is ugly.
This knife doesn't cut well.
This laptop is light.
This man is drunk.
Is there a doctor on board?
I don't think that he'll come.
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
"How do you say ""good bye"" in German?"
This shoe fits me well.
This smells good.
This store sells old books.
This table is heavy.
This table is wooden.
This way.
This year is going to be prosperous.
To the south.
To the swimming pool!
Today I turn four years old.
Today is September 1st.
Today, we turn ten years old.
Turn around.
Turn right.
Two small bottles, please.
Wait for me!
Waiter needed.
Waiter, the check, please.
I didn't know you were such a wanker.
Wash your hands, please.
Wash your hands.
We all have our cross to bear.
We are blond.
We are from France.
We are gray.
We chose a hotel near the museums.
We had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes.
We live in New York.
We must phone the police.
We study Arabic.
We study Chinese.
We will have to do something.
We're beginning to understand better.
We're closed tomorrow.
We're here to help them.
We're open tomorrow.
We're hot.
Welcome to our restaurant!
Well done!
Well, have you decided?
Which animal is big?
Which animal is small?
What are the meal hours?
What bothers me is his attitude.
What color is your hair?
What did you hear?
What do you do in the afternoon?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What do you like to do?
What do you need?
What do you think of it?
What does it contain?
What does this mean?
What is it made of?
What is my room number?
What is that?
What is the exchange rate?
Big people aren't always strong.
She looks a lot like her mother.
Let him in.
Please tell him to wait.
Don't deceive him.
Go and wake Mary up.
I'd like to talk to John.
Mr. Smith came.
I voted for Ken.
Don't cheat him.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
French is her native language.
His story sounds true.
Yesterday I read an interesting story.
I travel often.
I'll be your teacher.
He's Swiss.
The baguette is French.
What do you think of his suggestion?
I don't know anything about him.
What he did wasn't wrong.
Do it the way he tells you to.
Do what he tells you.
That's not Jack's fault.
Drink some tea.
How was your weekend?
Let's drop by his house.
His new car is wonderful.
I'll visit him tomorrow.
I'll visit you tomorrow.
I visit him every other day.
You're already useless.
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
Do you own a house in Italy?
What's your phone number?
I work in Milan.
I'm looking for a French penpal.
Hi, everybody!
We have a colleague in Spain.
"We called him a ""hero"", but he betrayed us."
Please wait five minutes.
He thinks of nothing but himself.
He threw a rock into the pond.
You can't live without water.
Life cannot exist without water.
This is the house where I was born.
My father went fishing.
There's no more salt.
Iron is a useful metal.
My son is taller than I am.
Glory to Ukraine!
Where did you see that woman?
Where did you see those women?
Where is your father?
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
There are many fish in this lake.
What did you say your name was?
How old is your oldest son?
He didn't know that.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
He has three older sisters.
The little fridge is dirty.
She's my older sister.
She's my sister.
He might not be happy.
Today is my treat.
They paid me five dollars for the bag.
Do you have breakfast at home?
My butt hurts.
We drink everything.
I missed you very much.
Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.
Fuckin' asshole!
It is a very strange letter.
I finished writing the report.
Do you have any sisters?
The box was full of strawberries.
He turned out to be her father.
When I see him, I think of my grandfather.
I'll meet you guys in Korea!
As far as I know, he's guilty.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
Today, we are going dancing.
My spoon is too big!
As far as I know, there is no such word.
What is this fish called in English?
The shirt needs ironing.
This chair needs to be fixed.
That's my cat.
Let's take a short break.
I have never seen a red refrigerator.
Most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver.
That is my dictionary.
Do we need a universal language?
Where is the toothpaste?
Everybody loves her.
Her eyes are blue.
She has blue eyes.
I go to school.
I study Korean.
My friend studies Korean.
Where is Britney Spears?
I was wrong.
My mistake.
Come over!
I am Paul, your flatmate.
Who are you talking about?
I would like to leave this town and never come back.
Hi, how are you?
No body.
He is so gay.
I grew up on watching Pokémon.
I don't know where he lives.
You'll catch a cold.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
Children catch colds easily.
We had three airplanes.
Oh! Show me how.
Earth is a beautiful planet.
This wall is painted green.
Spanish is his mother tongue.
Spanish is her mother tongue.
Bad news travels quickly.
I will shoot him.
I play tennis every day.
My hometown is very pretty.
My house has a fruit garden.
You have added a comment, not a translation. To add a translation, click on the «あ→а» icon above the sentence.
How much for half a kilo?
I'm tired; I think I'm going to go to bed.
It's his, isn't it?
That's not a cat. That's a dog.
Would you please pour me a cup of coffee?
I like her very much.
When you leave, I'll miss you.
I was hungry and thirsty.
That's not a cat. It's a dog.
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
For all I know, he's a criminal.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
Thanks for the info.
I dove into the river.
You don't have to wait until the end.
Did you hear that sound?
He did what I told him to do.
He lost his eyesight.
I will explain it to him.
My father hates the summer heat.
I haven't eaten yet.
Please sign here.
What day is it today?
She always keeps her promises.
He asked us to help him.
He came to ask us for our help.
He has a maid.
I am swamped with work.
This is my question.
We had to postpone the gathering because of rain.
Guus Hiddink is Dutch.
His girlfriend is Japanese.
Please be polite.
Windows is the most used operating system in the world.
Sumatra is an island.
I'm contributing.
No.
Don't make noise.
Yes.
Auldey is a Chinese brand.
Let's go now.
I'll give you a good piece of advice.
Another day gone by.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
This is the last train for the end of the world.
I work every day but Sunday.
I would like to get to know you better.
Jupiter is the most massive planet in the solar system.
Somebody loves everyone.
Life goes on.
The sun is red.
How can love love love?
Don't leave me!
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
She left home with everything she owned.
Hindus and Muslims are all brothers.
This book is for you.
Betty speaks Esperanto very well.
Dima slept with 25 men in one night and then killed them.
You too, Brutus?
The bus stops in front of my house.
He closed the door.
He shut the door.
Sing a song in your language, please!
I have no friends.
If the Icelandic language was a colour, I think it would be white.
Have you eaten a banana pie?
I have a friend who loves me.
The trumpet is a musical instrument.
Here is my key.
Can you call a taxi for me?
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
The cat is on the mat.
Thai is the official language of Thailand.
Can you call me a taxi?
It's not rocket science.
I miss him.
Termites eat wood.
I got on the wrong train.
I got on the wrong bus.
I will read a book.
This noise is driving me crazy.
Ann has many friends.
He is very kind.
The old man starved to death.
The old man died from hunger.
The sugar is in the bag.
This is the monsoon season.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
It's been a long night.
One year has twelve months.
He has a lot of money.
Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
She poured a cup of tea for me.
Where's the nearest train station?
A cat is not a person!
Are they friends?
He introduced his sister to me.
He introduced her sister to me.
I would like some fish.
What fruit juices do you have?
Trang is as pretty as Dorenda.
My right shoulder hurts.
My knee is bleeding.
I hear something.
I really want to know.
In her youth, my mother was very beautiful.
Don't make noise!
You can go if you want.
For that reason, he lost his job.
The lake is very deep.
Who the hell are you?
What the fuck?
I was in the bath when the phone rang.
I respect his selflessness.
Where is my book?
I don't speak Swedish.
I don't speak German.
Mom is older than Dad.
He had grey hair.
There are frequently earthquakes in Japan.
I'm really hungry.
You disappointed me.
Your eyes are as beautiful as the arms of the Venus de Milo.
There is no excuse for your actions.
Nobody cares what you think.
I can't finish the job in such a short time.
He is French.
You can't swim here.
I'm a computer scientist.
I can write programs in Visual Basic.
Precisely!
I returned his book to him.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
Doctor, my name is Mutaz.
I love to go to the movies.
You should do that right away.
I have to help my mother.
My mother left me a message.
My mother made me a sweater.
It's all the same.
Drive safely.
I have an exam tomorrow.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
He doesn't get jokes.
I work every day save Sundays.
What a memory!
What memory!
Why don't you listen to me?
Thanks anyway.
Nancy looks tired.
He went to the store.
They're washing their hands.
Your lips are soft like the surface of a cactus.
Nancy looks very tired.
She was lying on the floor, strangled by a harp string.
The birds' home is in the forest, the fish's home is in the river, the bees' home is in the flowers, and the little children's is in China. We love our motherland from the time we're little, as the birds love the forest, the fish love the river, and the bees love the flowers.
I got pregnant from the Finnish harpist that I told you about last night.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
My mother is making a cake for my father.
My love, if the food isn't ready by seven o'clock, I'm going to go to the restaurant.
Could you do me a favor?
What's the problem?
Your dog is very fat.
Don't speak nonsense!
She is poor, but happy.
He is poor, but happy.
How short life is!
I must be leaving now.
I must go now.
She's lost her car keys.
What's your friend's name?
It's not cold.
Cheers!
I know his name.
Nobody lives in this house.
Akiko has several friends in France.
The capital of India is New Delhi.
Mumbai is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Swimming is easy.
Reading a lot of books is a good thing.
Playing tennis is fun.
Who's the boy swimming over there?
She loved fat men, so she decided to convert to Buddhism.
Can you really swim?
I live in this hotel.
It is a little cold.
I am married.
Take as much as you want.
Two vanilla ice creams, please.
We succeeded!
I hear you, but I don't see you.
She likes these cats.
I am terribly afraid of snakes.
My father has a restaurant.
Everything happens for a reason.
I wonder what could have made him change his mind.
Twelve years old is old for a dog.
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.
Translate this sentence into English.
All I found is a pair of scissors.
Everyone laughed at him.
She gave me a watch.
He loves trains.
I know that you're strong, but political pressure will be stronger.
My children like licorice sticks.
A cat scratched me.
I got this bicycle for free.
I will go to the meeting.
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine.
You're driving like a maniac!
No, not really.
They had no alternative energy sources.
I'm a translator.
We sugar our tea.
You can trust him.
The Ukrainian language is very melodious.
There are people who have children because they can't afford a dog.
Whatever!
Mark Zuckerberg stole my idea!
He has a nose bleed.
I like Tom because he's honest.
Could you show me the way to the station?
He works all night.
These clothes suit you.
The box is empty.
Don't use computer translation.
Is there a train station near here?
In accepting the money, he lost the respect of the people.
She thought that I was a doctor.
The baby cried all night.
The boy didn't change his opinion.
That hotel was very near the lake.
Do you know the answer?
The dog is mine.
Close the window before going to bed.
Nobody spoke with me.
He is a man of few words.
I arrived here yesterday.
We need money.
My father is in the garden now.
I was speechless.
I fell in love with her at first sight.
She lives nearby.
Soap, please.
Are you for or against the war?
Aren't you tired?
I'm going.
He has many history books.
You must keep the promises you make.
Who did you meet?
I hope it stops raining.
Carole is driving a rental car.
She's teaching us French.
Tulips will bloom soon.
They let me go.
Mr. Suzuki studied French before he went to France.
When does the last train leave?
You should quit smoking.
I'm a journalist.
Please shut the door.
Please close the door.
This bicycle is mine.
Binge drinking is harmful for your health.
That's another matter.
Say which you would like.
It was kind of you to help me.
I got a letter from a friend.
I count to ten.
He became famous.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.
My father drives to work.
Squirrels move quickly.
I can't find what I want.
The next concert will take place in June.
I still remember the first time.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
Nobody can control us.
Does he live here?
I met an American girl.
I've got a headache.
John likes the nurse.
See you tomorrow.
He's afraid of making mistakes.
Read as many books as possible.
He peels his apple.
He peels her apple.
You don't speak English, do you?
Apparently, the bus is late.
A week from today, I'll be in England.
It cost less than fifteen dollars.
No one else could do my work.
You should meet him.
Is that thing yours?
I want to go to Australia with my family.
He was standing.
Dragons are imaginary animals.
Nice to meet you.
If you want to be loved, love!
Good afternoon.
I'm in love with you.
I'd like a little bit of cake.
I'm just looking.
Could you turn the volume down?
In many countries, buying or smoking cannabis is forbidden by law.
In fact she lied.
She loves singing.
He loves singing.
I live in Milan.
Do you have something to say?
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
Is ten thousand yen enough?
I often receive letters from him.
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
He sat on the bench.
He lives in a flat.
She was washing the dishes.
It is a small dog.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
She wished to be beautiful.
Can I take a day off?
My feet hurt.
I want to learn Hebrew.
She keeps secrets.
Are you a doctor?
She was on the verge of killing herself.
Let's split the bill.
Aron killed Elizabeth.
You didn't need to come so early.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
Please take me to the Grand Hotel.
He likes French more than German.
I wonder what ear lobes are for.
They all drowned.
I don't like swimming in pools.
I don't have much money on me.
What's that sound?
I've already talked to this student.
What time do you close?
I don't understand how this works.
Change is the only constant.
Next time I'll come earlier.
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?
It's fall now.
He doesn't need to work.
This bed is too hard to sleep on.
Talking during a concert is rude.
One more bottle of wine, please.
What time does your plane leave?
You don't need to go to the dentist's.
I had a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun.
This must be changed.
Because of the typhoon, the school was closed.
I haven't slept for days.
Loosen the screws and remove the lamp cover.
I hope that she listens to me.
What a waste it would be if Tatoeba were to link nothing but sentences.
I don't give a damn about my CV.
I can drive a car.
Okinawa is the southernmost island in Japan.
I cross the rail tracks every morning.
I think the wind's dropping off.
Everybody loves him.
Never say never.
I should clean the room.
And nobody helped you?
I couldn't believe my ears!
It's just a dream.
It's only a dream.
After you.
Really? Why?
I love to play golf.
They live in a mansion.
He's a chain smoker.
The car hit a tree.
It should be like this.
I just ate a falafel.
She cut the cake in two.
Clean your teeth.
He wrote a book on china.
Victory is on our side.
Everyone loves him.
This is impossible!
Don't worry.
China is bigger than Japan.
I came here yesterday.
We have two children.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
The more contributors there are, the more useful Tatoeba will become!
I don't believe in God.
The red hat goes well with her dress.
I've always hated biology.
I've given up smoking.
Do you smoke?
He negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent.
See you tomorrow in the library.
Please water the flowers.
Please pass me the sugar.
He got angry.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
I want eternal life!
I'm angry.
I have a week to do my homework.
She will give birth to a child next month.
My eyes are tired.
The room smelled of tobacco.
Bring the key.
We sent out the invitations yesterday.
I go to church every day.
You shouldn't ride a bicycle on the sidewalk.
He went out to eat.
And the people? What will they say?
This is the office in which he works.
He's always complaining about something.
Where's the bank?
"Thanks for the help. ""Don't mention it."""
He'll be here soon.
I've got two brothers.
This gift is for you.
I don't have time right now.
The pain was terrible.
This is communism.
He wrote a book in China.
Rub the stain with vinegar.
The German course begins October fifth.
If I were a bird, I would fly to you.
I'm too busy to go.
My sister works as a secretary at a bank.
He has written two books.
The rain lasted for three days.
Do you want to go shopping with me?
"In any case, you need to vote ""yes"" in the February 18th referendum."
Dig a deep hole.
The dog is dead.
That's crazy.
He has no interest in politics.
We ran in the park.
It's mine, not hers.
Important! You are about to add a translation to the sentence above.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
I'm sorry, I forgot to do my homework.
What year were you born?
All humans are good at heart.
I am dumbfounded.
If you want.
My name is Farshad.
It's not my business.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet. Indexation of sentences is not yet executed on-the-fly, only every week.
I've never said that!
Hi. How are you?
English is my native language.
English is my mother tongue.
I'm retired.
Lazarus Zamenhof is Polish.
She's wearing sunglasses.
Tennis is my favourite sport.
Will we see each other earlier?
Leave it!
I started to cry.
I saw a star today.
You know that I don't like eggs.
Understanding you is really very hard.
I think it won't rain tomorrow.
Many consumers are concerned about the health risks of genetically modified food.
Rabbits have big ears.
My sister is not a good cook, and neither am I.
I was invited by an old friend.
Please don't kill me.
He's my older brother.
He's my younger brother.
What will you make?
I love going to the movies.
It seems that he's happy.
I think that fact is very important.
I'm crazy about football.
I consider her to be an honest woman.
Is there enough food for everyone?
She smiled at her baby.
She loves children.
The password you have entered is invalid.
Let me know if there's anything I can do.
I would like to ask two questions.
How was your flight?
Attention!
Twitter is a good example of absurdity.
My mother tongue is Spanish.
Image Viewer is an image viewing software. This software is a very small program. This software has basic functions only. This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users.
Democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient Greeks.
He lost everything he owned.
Tom was fired.
He is studying at his desk.
He raised his hands.
He has a car.
Everybody knows the moon is made of cheese.
Pastafarians believe that an invisible and undetectable Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe.
I am the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Thou shalt have no other monsters before Me. (Afterwards is OK; just use protection.) The only Monster who deserves capitalization is Me! Other monsters are false monsters, undeserving of capitalization.
I've asked him three times to take out the trash and he still hasn't done it!
Milan Kundera is my favourite writer.
Can you give me your cell number?
My room number is 5.
I have a visa.
He lives inside an apple.
Speak slowly, please.
My son is a journalist.
He wrote me a letter.
That's none of your business.
I don't want to be used.
I've already said no.
What is love?
That's life.
That's a book.
There's a book here.
It's your book.
I'll give you a book.
How long will you stay in Japan?
Are you Japanese?
I don't speak Catalan.
Do you plan to stay long?
Oh! Really?
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you'll get.
Speaking in public makes me nervous.
John writes to his parents once a month.
I'm washing my hands because they're dirty.
You shouldn't go out.
Today is Monday.
I'd like to attend the party.
He is poor.
How many times do I have to tell you?
I would like to rent a car.
The film began at 2.
Ask me something easier.
It rains a lot in Okinawa.
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy?
I'm listening to Björk's latest song.
Could you pass the salt?
This book is mine.
Bill, give me a call this evening.
Whose guitar is this?
Window or aisle?
Goodbye!
The door opened and a man came out.
I have been to India.
He stood up.
The assignment is due two weeks from today.
Movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy.
Today I got to meet my new philosophy teacher.
Kayak is an example of a palindrome.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
What's up, dawg?
You may go.
You'd better go.
You should go.
Are you going or not?
The land had never been ploughed.
All the people who were here have left.
The iPhone is an extraordinary cell phone.
It's almost six.
It's nearly three o'clock.
It'll soon be three o'clock.
It looks like it's going to rain.
Against all expectations, the Apollo spacecraft made it safely back to Earth.
There was a fledgling bird there.
Nanako is really cute, isn't she?
Your kiss is sweeter than honey.
Do you like French literature?
I do not accept your excuse.
I saw him.
Russian girls love Icelanders.
He wrote the report.
Have you ever seen a koala?
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.
He shaves four times a week.
A sea separates Ireland and England.
My father is only fifteen years old.
Come on, let's go!
She's my best friend.
Nancy seldom smiles.
I want more.
If I had known you were sick, I would have visited you in the hospital.
I willingly join the Chinese Communist Party.
I don't love her anymore.
Tufts is the most dangerous university in the world.
My baguette is bigger than yours.
Listening to music is lots of fun.
I like movies.
I like movies a lot.
I love movies.
I love French movies.
It's a good question.
These are my books and those are his books.
Relax, it's just a scarecrow.
Larry Ewing is married and the father of two children.
Do you speak German?
China shares borders with Pakistan, India, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, North Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Mongolia and Russia.
There's bamboo growing in the garden.
The Queen's crown was made of gold.
There is no life without electricity and water.
Sometimes, Grandma is more dangerous than the KGB.
I have just finished eating lunch.
He was very patient.
The holy book of Muslims is the Qur'an.
Could you send this letter to Japan?
Our refrigerator isn't working.
It's difficult to answer this question.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
My license was confiscated.
I'm an alcoholic. I'm a drug addict. I'm homosexual. I'm a genius.
Can I have your telephone number?
And you?
Hello, I am Sepideh.
I don't like cold coffee.
He found my bicycle.
That's my pussy.
Enlightenment is man's leaving his self-imposed immaturity.
I want to speak German.
She's Alain's wife.
He loves them.
She's a professor.
The allegations they made were unfounded.
"Tatoeba means ""for example"" in Japanese."
There's no mistake.
I collect postcards.
My brother Jacques is fourteen years old.
I'm a French citizen.
She has got long hair.
I go to the theatre.
The dog is white.
Take my glasses.
I have nothing to do today.
I will provide you all the necessary information.
The airport is quite far from the city centre.
Unfortunately I will not have much free time.
I'm working full time in a bookshop until the end of September.
I've got a weakness for homework.
He's not stupid.
We grow wheat here.
Bread is made from wheat.
She is eating.
He must be homesick.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
It wasn't expensive.
Yes, tomorrow is my day off.
What? You don't know how to drive a car yet?
Do you like to dance?
My husband always reads in bed.
I think I lost my keys.
He's fluent in Japanese.
He's a smart boy.
I go there every year.
What a big dog!
He's blond.
Where did you spend your vacation?
Rabbits have long ears.
I love sport.
It's high time to get going!
She woke up.
You never told me that.
My brother has a good memory.
Can I get something to eat?
A child is crying somewhere.
My father can swim, but my mother can't.
Yesterday was Thursday.
Really good!
The languages that have been transliterated within the Tatoeba Project are Japanese, Chinese, Shanghainese, Georgian and Uzbek.
Where was I when I needed myself most?
It's not far from here.
Health is more important than wealth.
We're married.
I have never seen such a beautiful girl.
He didn't get the joke.
Don't tell anyone this.
I still have another sister.
He knows how to drive a car.
It's not a classroom.
He goes to school by bus.
Everything went well.
What do I have to do?
My sister is very intelligent.
He lives above me.
He likes to listen to the radio.
Do you study every day?
He always went fishing on the river when he was young.
You shouldn't read other people's private letters without permission.
The entire city was without electricity.
The party was a great success.
His name is known to me.
He ordered a beer.
I speak good Japanese.
War is a crime against humanity.
This ticket is valid for three days.
Why wait for Christmas?
They never pay any attention to me.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
We're going dancing tonight.
Anna knows the first thousand decimal places of π by heart.
What is your problem?
I like to watch her undress.
She's divorced.
Where are we going tonight?
Muiriel's twenty.
Money makes the world go round.
Please link this sentence to Spanish.
We'll get them to talk no matter what it takes.
And if I were gay, would that be a crime?
I live it.
He doesn't sing well.
I have a receipt.
Let it go!
Nothing special.
He inherited an old wooden chest.
After a few minutes, I began to lose interest in the conversation.
In the era of email, I'm so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
He has half as many books as me.
He went to America to study medicine.
I began to learn Esperanto.
He had a new idea.
Don't touch the glass.
It's always been like that.
The church is on the other side of the street.
What a wonderful family!
Anybody can participate.
Where is the most beautiful place in the world?
What will you do?
Milk doesn't mix with water.
Such behavior can cause an accident.
Whatever you say, I'll do it my way.
The natural sciences are harder than the social sciences.
Gay marriage is a hotly contested issue.
Money doesn't buy happiness.
How's your mother?
I can play the piano.
The keys are on the table.
I have to go to school.
I hate my neighbors.
Her name slipped my mind.
He visited France three times.
The function has no side effects.
At night, she gazed at the moon.
I only spent three dollars.
That experiment led to a great discovery.
I understand, but I cannot agree.
Waste not a single grain of rice!
Act faster!
You don't have to worry about her anymore.
Don't make the same mistake again.
Forget about her.
Thanks a lot!
I don't think it's strange at all.
I think I'm gonna shit myself.
He's sitting at the table.
The cat sleeps on the table.
He went to the hospital yesterday.
He neglected his duties.
Time will tell.
Do you have a cellphone?
Who likes insects?
He's a rather rare individual.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
How many days are there in a week?
That's too much for my little brain.
You like her, don't you?
You like him, don't you?
I love mother nature.
Does she play piano?
Listen well to what I say.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
I met your mother through Facebook. So, if Facebook didn't exist, neither would you, my little angel.
That's bullshit!
This is an order.
Orange juice, please.
The weather is so nice!
I hate studying.
This is a life-sized statue.
Together or separately?
Ill weeds grow apace.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large one.
Hi.
She has a flower in her hand.
I know a shortcut.
The child is stroking a cat.
We estimate the damage at one thousand dollars.
God created Padania and, realizing the error, created the fog.
He likes fishing.
She is a charming woman.
I just took a shower.
Facebook is blocked in China.
Short hair really suits her.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
She mistook my brother for me.
I mistook him for his brother.
We mistook him for an American.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
The two women know each other.
He will pay for everything.
Romans, go home!
The unicorn is a fabulous monster.
I like to drink natural mineral water.
What's the fax number for this hotel?
I am trying to learn English.
Home prices are plummeting.
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.
Beautiful day, innit?
Where will you be?
Nobody is too old to learn.
She'll love her husband forever.
Water is important for people.
Would you like to go to a movie tomorrow night?
Do you like your new job?
He's my first love.
She's my first love.
The distance between stars is measured in light years.
Has the mailman already come?
The water is not potable.
Every sentence in that book is important.
She's got more books.
Please send me a letter.
This book is so easy that even a child can read it.
Those girls are prostitutes.
How many prefectures are there in Japan?
Aix-la-Chapelle is Aachen in German.
There are 43 prefectures in Japan.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan each year.
She looked ill.
Christopher Columbus once accidentally ate a sea urchin. Then, he did it a second time... intentionally.
I'm lonely without you.
What is your favorite sentence?
This desk is a little too low for me.
No thank you, I'm pregnant.
She has a tattoo of a lizard on her thigh.
I plan to work in a brothel.
I'm neither an Athenian nor a Greek.
He has to fix the clock.
My colleagues warmly welcomed me.
I have one brother and two sisters.
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.
I don't remember mailing the letter.
We don't have sugar.
We don't have any sugar.
Where is the railway station?
Where is the station?
Where's the boss?
I sometimes watch TV.
You're my princess.
She loves Tom more than I do.
He played with his cat.
I have fewer students in my class this year than last year.
This is a Turkish tradition.
Is it my turn?
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
"Michael is a man's name, but ""Michelle"" is a woman's name."
The idea isn't bad.
Do not try to imitate her.
Did you see that video where President Obama kills a fly with his bare hands?
The sentence you're reading doesn't exist.
The American anthropologist Margaret Mead once said that one should never underestimate what a small group of dedicated people can accomplish.
This sentence consists of seven words.
This sentence doesn't mean anything.
Can anyone translate this sentence?
You don't have an alibi for the day of the murder.
This is not a sentence.
The sentence with the preceding number is false.
Interlinguistics deals with communication across language barriers, and explores how planned languages like Esperanto and Volapük are used in these situations.
Ken has two cats.
When an average person sends a message in a bottle, it's just a childish fantasy. When Christopher Columbus sends a message in a bottle, the fate of an entire country is at stake.
I always keep promises.
It's out of the question!
I don't remember.
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
Why did you lie?
No problem.
Wikipedia is the best encyclopedia on the Internet.
She waits tables for a living.
I sometimes have a pain in my stomach.
How did it happen?
Don't drink so much beer.
How about a beer?
All my cakes are delicious!
I left your umbrella on the bus.
Wipe your tears.
Have you gone completely mad?
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.
Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence.
No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
I think I'll buy this tie.
Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.
Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.
Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay.
Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
When did you come back from London?
He's my friend.
My father and I go fishing once in a while.
Some friends invited me to dinner.
He wrote a book while in China.
One more time.
Am I mistaken?
Where's the closest pharmacy?
What is this bird called?
Almost three.
I don't know when he got back from France.
That's all I know.
I'm not kidding.
I saw him with my own eyes.
Time is the best medicine.
The clock is slow.
The Swiss keyboard doesn't have a ß.
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Italian is my mother tongue.
You don't know how much I love you.
Correcting one another, we will all improve our Esperanto.
His birthday is May 5th.
I want to visit Korea.
My daughter caught a cold.
At night all cats are grey.
What is the tallest mountain in Europe?
I don't like either of the pictures.
This is my sister.
I would really appreciate a glass of cold beer.
According to some sources, Noam Chomsky is the most cited living author.
She's inquisitive by nature.
Does Betty's son know that his mother is a serial killer?
Why didn't she come yesterday?
Have you already chosen?
Have you already voted?
Do you speak Hebrew?
Do I have to answer in English?
What is your first name?
Bananas are yellow.
This is a car.
I hate reptiles.
My father stopped drinking.
Look! The train has arrived!
Come quickly.
I was really tired so I went to bed early.
I don't mind if I do!
Organic food is usually more expensive.
The murder charge was reduced to manslaughter.
It's the truth.
In German, nouns are always capitalised.
Come fall asleep in my arms.
She gets prettier day by day.
Nobody can hear you there.
I slept with my boss.
I want a friend.
He slipped on a banana peel.
It's easy.
To arms!
The United Kingdom is comprised of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Esperanto is an international planned language.
I'm undecided as of yet.
Your shoes are untied.
He was a freethinker.
You better buy that book.
Do you want a drink?
She is taller than her sister.
Yes or no?
Come sing with me.
He likes tigers.
He was disappointed.
This diary belonged to the girl who lived in besieged Leningrad.
I'm back.
The Devil made me do it.
You need to find another way out of this situation.
I need to find a way out.
Miho plays piano better than Noriko.
The plane arrived exactly at nine.
Yikes!
Foot-and-mouth disease is highly contagious.
Keep your eyes peeled!
I'm wondering what will happen if I push this button.
She was livid.
Did your wish come true?
Kiss me.
Time is money.
David Beckham is English.
We are the people.
Don't let the dog in.
"In his essay ""Esperanto: European or Asiatic language"" Claude Piron has shown the similarities between Esperanto and Chinese, thereby putting to rest the notion that Esperanto is purely eurocentric."
But goddammit where did I put those rechargeable batteries?
I will have to be away for some time.
I have to take a shower.
He will be here soon.
I'm a policeman.
I love the sun.
My name is Sasha.
I'm a student.
Turn off the radio.
This lack of responsibility is driving me crazy.
Germans have no sense of humour? I don't find that funny!
Germans have no sense of humor? I don't find that funny.
There is no excuse for his behaviour.
You should read a lot of books while you're young.
The headlights don't work.
Do you like white chocolate?
I'm a university student.
She's promised to give me a ring.
There's around 6 billion people in the world.
There are a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
Masha didn't know her parents.
If my plane doesn't crash, and if I do not get kidnapped by organ thieves, I will drop you a line at the beginning of the week.
Do tigers purr?
The escaped prisoners are still on the run.
You are not allowed to violate the rules.
Hang up your shirts before they wrinkle.
Oh please, spare me the sob story.
Those pants are a little too tight in the waist.
You have lovely breasts.
I don't want to risk my life.
He can do five somersaults without breaking a sweat.
There are more important things in life.
Long live the Emperor!
Long live the Republic!
I only think of you.
You're the only one I think about.
You know what he said?
How many friends do you have?
What did you do during the holidays?
Do you have plans for tonight?
How are things?
What are you doing right now?
She doesn't have many friends.
You like to sing?
What does that gentleman do for a living?
No-frills airlines have a bad reputation.
She's wearing a hat.
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.
Who came up with that idea in the first place?
They decided to adopt a child rather than having one of their own.
How does it feel to be back home?
Are you going, too?
Will you go, too?
All of the dogs were alive.
A squid has ten legs.
The house collapsed a week later.
Christopher Columbus once met the child in Sentence 47456 and opened his eyes to the world.
The supermarket is open Monday through Saturday.
Don't forget to take an umbrella with you.
Coffee hurts your stomach.
Do your homework now.
Do you have a question?
Do you have any cheaper rooms?
Do you have anything hot to drink?
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.
You're really too kind.
Do you buy that explanation?
I think you owe her an explanation.
No worries!
He quit smoking.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia.
He threw me the apple.
I gave my dad a tambourine as a gift.
I see, said the blind man, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
He passed away yesterday.
He passed on yesterday.
Call the doctor!
Have mercy!
He died when he was 54 years old.
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.
He stopped for a smoke.
Today I'm lacking inspiration.
What a huge dog!
There's coffee, and then there's COFFEE.
There are various kinds of coffee.
I don't remember having had any toys when I was young.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
The verb “to be” has an irregular conjugation in all languages.
Russians never smile.
Are you still alive, Sysko?
I wanted to become a philosopher.
It's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love.
I'm already ready.
Cookie is the cutest of all the dogs.
I'm a tennis player.
Ice melts in water.
You need to exercise more.
Nobody knows this.
I had no visitors today.
I don't think that she looks like her mother.
She's collecting material for a book.
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.
That's why I came late.
It's a question of taste.
Her mother was a Christian and her father a pagan, but this wasn't a problem for them at all.
Nice suit.
I hate Mondays.
Optimism is merely a lack of information.
What's done is done.
Let's play a game of blind man's buff.
Cats don't wear collars.
Let's go home!
Shishir is following me.
Since most speakers of Esperanto have learned the language through self study, the Internet in general, and websites such as www.lernu.net in particular, have been a great boon to the language.
The ship's going to sink!
Reading books is interesting.
Do you recognize the man in this photo?
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
The Italians say that translators are traitors.
Do you want to dance with me?
I'll go by car.
Tom, don't die.
My daughter has a make-believe friend.
She teaches English.
Don't be ridiculous!
Fix the clock.
Children need a lot of sleep.
What a nightmare!
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
I don't like to make a mistake.
She is certainly over forty.
I can't stand this cold anymore.
One must not confuse homomorphism with homeomorphism.
I'm a man.
This museum is worth a visit.
The early bird gets the worm.
I'm waiting for someone.
I hope that your brother is better.
I need help.
She doesn't have a driving licence.
We are even.
She doesn't have a driver's license.
There's almost no water in the bucket.
His daughter has become a pretty woman.
My algorithm has a 99% success rate.
Christopher Columbus once walked into a McDonald's and ordered a Happy Meal. It did not make him happy, but he liked the toy.
Once I retire, I will dedicate my whole time to Tatoeba.
If you're bored, you can contribute to Tatoeba.
Her novel sold well.
Dolphins and whales are not fish.
I have never sung, and never will sing, in a karaoke bar.
Mind the gap.
Do not translate this sentence!
She seems tired.
She looks tired.
Don't take it to heart.
I see a lion.
I'm already full, thank you.
He speaks French fluently.
This semester I failed two students for plagiarism.
She just left.
The boy buys a dog.
The car stalled because you didn't step on the clutch.
Two days ago the wind blew.
The house is cold.
You are very courageous.
What is apathy? Certainly nothing earth-shaking.
I never make my bed.
We must clean our classroom.
Where can I buy books?
How are you doing? I haven't seen you in ages!
You only live once.
"When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: ""No way I'm going there""."
This is a sentence that has the syllable count of a haiku.
My sister showed a new watch to me.
Do you eat in the classroom?
Hey.
The Swiss keyboard doesn't have the letter ß.
The game is not worth the candle.
Do you know it?
Stay at home.
Germany shares a border with France.
The radio died.
I couldn't come because of the rain.
He isn't here now.
Is there life before death?
If I knew that, I'd tell you.
I'm satisfied.
The seats are all sold out.
I have hay fever.
She's a good person.
They are good people.
I don't like eggs.
I dislike eggs.
He's an author.
He is a writer.
It's snowing today.
It'll snow today.
Dogs are faithful.
My mother gets up early.
He's studying.
He's the oldest son.
Please give me an ashtray.
I'll be back in a jiffy.
Give me an example.
Give me a minute.
Where is my dad?
Where were you yesterday?
He is running.
I'm worried because of his health.
His health situation worries me.
One must give time time.
Eat more vegetables.
You must study harder.
She is a true witch!
My father is two years younger than my mother.
They stole my wine bottle!
Size does not matter.
Let's walk to the bookstore.
The lion is an animal.
That's nonsense.
How can I get to the stadium?
My friends invited me to supper.
Nobody will know.
It's getting late.
What's missing?
Welcome back. We missed you!
Everybody loves it.
He went home three hours later.
Paolo is a nice person.
Berlusconi sucks.
It was just a joke. Lighten up!
Tatoeba: We've got sentences older than you.
I don't want an apology. I want an explanation.
I like German doughnuts a lot.
Translating that text will be very easy.
Shit stinks.
Everyone has to learn the words by heart.
I have a lot of dreams.
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog.
I am a college student.
Your house is big.
My mother is angry.
Don't forget your money.
He studied the way birds fly.
The boat can still be seen.
He was getting old.
I have seen a star today.
She almost fainted.
To me, it is important.
For me, it's important.
As long as we live, we have to work.
She put on her sweater.
Every rare thing is expensive, besides a cheap horse is rare, therefore a cheap horse is expensive.
Does it happen to no teacher?
When I speak Japanese, I sound like a child.
We're taking a crash course in first aid before our two-week trek through the mountains.
The Secretary General is making a last-ditch effort to negotiate a peace treaty between the two warring factions.
I don't work on Mondays.
He didn't eat anything yesterday.
I find it hard to believe.
We were one too many.
Fuck. I'm about to come already.
You've got a poor memory!
Don't abandon me!
The rise in juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
She showed him the photo.
No creature whatsoever can live in space.
Do you prefer white wine or red wine?
Remember you must die.
Pictures of coffins covered with flags were all over the papers.
Alan is a poet.
Go to hell!
Go fuck yourself!
Do you have a light?
Santa Claus, I want to receive a girlfriend for Christmas.
Do you understand what I mean?
It's worth a shot.
Someone needs to take the bin out.
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation.
Is her father a doctor?
Is your father a doctor?
English is not my mother tongue.
There is no use in crying. No one will hear you.
The richer the city, the more rubbish it generates.
I'm not in good shape.
I apologize.
It's hot in here.
Have a drink.
Can I speak with Judy?
She has never been in love.
The apple does not fall far from the tree.
What do you want to do today?
Checkmate!
Hello Mimi! How are you?
We want complete sentences.
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.
Don't add sentences from copyrighted sources.
We want natural-sounding translations, not word-for-word direct translations.
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don't let translations into other languages influence you.
Don't add annotations.
He has a lot of land.
You don't need to call me.
Change the flag, please.
She's never fallen in love.
He's just kidding you.
You have ten seconds left to live.
He is very afraid of dogs.
If you've never had a pint of Guinness in a real Irish pub, I highly recommend it.
Real men go to the gym to pump iron, not to do aerobics.
According to Andy Warhol, everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame.
My tailor is rich.
He's as strong as a horse.
In order to study computational linguistics it's necessary to know various languages, however, one also has to be familiar with the use of computers.
One language is never enough.
What is this called?
I'll never forget this experience.
I'll never leave you.
My younger brother is watching TV.
My older brother is watching TV.
He's not my boyfriend, it's just platonic love with benefits!
There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
I remember everything.
There can be walls without a roof, but no roof without walls.
'Philosophy' is a Greek word that means the love of wisdom.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
My letter went unheeded.
Eureka!
I'm sad without you.
Your intelligence is as vast as the distance between Bombay and Mumbai.
Your grammar is better than your breath.
You have very sexy legs.
I fully agree with all of you.
Did you meet him recently?
I have never read that book.
It's one o'clock.
To translate is to betray.
Let's go out to eat.
In the Bermuda Triangle there is a parallel universe.
This house is famous.
This place is boring.
Was it interesting?
Do you come here often?
It was convenient.
I am going, too.
Isn't it a bit small?
That was nothing.
Where are the satellites?
It is very simple.
The effect was immediate.
In the room, all was silent.
Again, a thousand apologies.
Can you tell me what is happening?
Who are these people?
Exactly, my dear.
I won't do it again.
Do you know?
You are a mean person.
Life is unfair.
I don't want to hear your excuses.
You always destroy everything.
Many Americans are obese.
The price of gas is rising.
I am sorry for what I did.
Follow your sister's example.
Where is the bus stop?
You can't have left it at the airport.
Our team can win.
Our team may win.
He promised he would help us.
Where were they going?
A picture is worth a thousand words.
There's someone at the door.
I came with my friends.
When did you learn to swim?
You too, my son.
Pause the game.
She does not like sushi.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December are the twelve months of the year.
Life is often compared with a voyage.
I lived in Nagoya for over a month.
You come from Sweden.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, hundred.
She doesn't have any brothers.
I don't drink that much beer.
Why do people kill themselves?
Cats hate to get wet.
I'm the king of the world!
Get lost!
Ah, okay!
Languages aren't his forte.
I want to go to Italy.
This is my home.
It was a dark and stormy night.
I own this car.
It was harder than I thought.
Chinese and Italian are the most beautiful languages in the world.
It doesn't hurt.
It won't hurt.
I had no work yesterday.
I was going out.
I brought a book.
We don't have much time. Let's hurry.
My mother is crazy.
Doing homework is extremely boring.
I don't want to read this book.
I'll remember you forever.
I'd like to drink some tea or coffee.
She bought a vacuum cleaner at the supermarket.
Let's go away.
Everyone has what he deserves.
I hope to see reindeer on my trip to Sweden.
Correct!
Chapeau!
We agree.
She's way taller than me.
Cook the rice.
Translating sentences on Tatoeba is more fun than doing homework.
I'm thinking of you.
I love you, too.
Where did it happen?
If only I was younger.
The more we learn, the more we know.
His answer was negative.
A cup of coffee, please.
Give it to him.
Give it to her.
This novel is boring.
Life is hard.
It is possible that you'll win the competition.
Do you have a solution?
Jump.
He who lives by the sword will die by the sword.
Don't move from here.
This is an immutable truth.
These insects are widely distributed throughout Japan.
I don't like anything.
Sleeping in class is not allowed.
"Amnesia means ""loss of memory""."
These apples are big.
This is the watch that I bought yesterday.
What fools men are in their salad days.
Sentence Number 888,888 will bring its owner years of happiness.
The horse balked at the jump.
Please find a solution to the problem.
Robert was always besieging people with requests.
I speak English natively, Spanish fluently, and German haltingly.
The old gypsy moved her hand over the crystal ball and, peering inside, beheld my future.
Portugal has decriminalized the personal possession of drugs.
The Cuban Missile Crisis brought the world to the brink of nuclear war.
The Vietnam War is known in Vietnam, and quite appropriately, as the American War.
The results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court.
Browsing long enough through eBay, you're sure to find something that you never knew you wanted.
Beijing is bigger than Rome.
Death is similar to sleep.
Chinese is much more difficult than other foreign languages.
We should call the police.
That book is small.
The Esperanto alphabet consists of 28 letters: a, b, c, ĉ, d, e, f, g, ĝ, h, ĥ, i, j, ĵ, k, l, m, n, o, p, r, s, ŝ, t, u, ŭ, v, z.
Do you speak Turkish?
Where's the bathroom?
This is a non-smoking compartment.
When will you leave for the Moon? We all need you.
He tried to solve the problem, but had no luck.
The artistic beauty of the garden is truly amazing.
The nun's duty is to water the flowers and the cauliflowers.
Did you already do your homework?
Whatever you say, I won't believe you.
The dog ate my shoe.
"Have you eaten? ""Yes, I have."""
It seems it was a gift for the 50th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth's accession to the throne.
"Pinocchio says: ""Now my nose will grow."""
He likes not only baseball but football as well.
You don't say!
Don't leave the bicycle in the rain.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
There are many apple trees in the garden.
What's that thing you have in your hand?
I have a collection of towels I've stolen from many different hotels I've stayed at.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
A good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing.
The fire was put out immediately.
The Netherlands won the 2010 World Cup.
Where is the train station?
Will you switch seats with me?
Such is life.
My name is Hase.
That is money down the drain.
He says he's got to get to Vienna the day after tomorrow.
Why don't you ask when you have a problem?
She often sings when she does the washing up in the kitchen.
Jesus hates you.
Was that really worth it?
In this society where everything is disposable, it is a virtue to use something until it wears out.
This is our main goal.
On the moon I would weigh only fifteen kilos.
I've never worn a tuxedo.
I'm not going out because I have to do my homework.
Habits are difficult to break.
Why are you asking if you know it all?
You should read many books when you are young.
That film is for children.
When was the potato introduced into Japan?
What is the difference between a piano and a fish?
The girl with the long hair is Judy.
He called me up from Tokyo.
She does not have the money for buying a new car.
They named her baby Jane.
This museum displays a fascinating collection of Celtic objects.
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
She has seven sons.
I thought that he would come.
I met him in January.
He brewed beer.
It's your decision.
Where has she learned Italian?
This patient's life is in danger.
"Do you think he'll come? ""I hope not."""
He was seething with anger.
What book did you buy?
I like clocks.
My foot is aching.
Straighten your back!
Don't make faces.
He hates carrots.
Where is the nearest supermarket?
I'd like to go with you, but I'm broke.
Good things come in small packages.
It must be nice to have friends in high places.
He thinks he knows everything.
This molecule has a crystalline structure.
Darn!
He's always losing his mobile.
The mammal is dead.
Cats can see even in dark places.
He finds fault with everything I do.
I don't believe that some day a majority of the world's population will speak Esperanto.
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.
Hello sir!
My wife is a vegetarian.
"Have you seen my cell phone? ""It's on the table."""
He's intimidated by beautiful women.
You lost the game.
She must be very happy.
You must read this book.
A ship that transports oil is called an oil tanker.
The snowstorm continued.
That's cheap, isn't it?
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.
Then who?
Get well soon!
Don't judge a man by the way he looks.
That doesn't surprise me.
I wash my hands.
No water, no life.
I think that I drank too much.
It's already 7 o'clock.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
I've found it.
I owe my success to my friends.
I gave her her dictionary back.
They had had that problem before.
I think that that book is not so interesting.
I shouldn't have told you anything.
This is how I met your mother.
Bye!
They talked about it on the telephone.
I didn't read it all.
We ordered the meal.
We rented the flat.
I promised myself, that I'm never gonna talk to her again.
My mother died when I was a child.
He promised not to be late again.
My brother has become a priest.
Please tell us about your family.
I was outraged by his answer.
Was there enough money?
Suddenly he saw me.
We improved the quality.
The table was covered with paper.
The water has been cleaned.
I was jealous of my brother.
She disapproved of my trip to Vienna.
Yesterday I bought a dog. Sadly my aunt cooked it for dinner.
I love my mum.
Stop that!
Give it back!
There's no free lunch.
He had a traffic accident.
You should turn off your cell phone.
Between Scylla and Charybdis.
I've heard it said that English is for making money, French for making love, and Spanish for praying to God.
It's a pity they're getting divorced.
I cried like a baby when the boy and his dog were reunited at the end of the movie.
You like laying on the grass.
He promises not to drink anymore.
Your O's look like A's.
A week has seven days.
Trolling is a art.
He was drunk with joy.
Mayuko was dead tired.
I bowed politely.
He told her that he loved her.
He's not one of us.
Not again!
I know your language.
My best friend is a book.
That's enough for today. I'm tired.
The girl went into the forest to look for mushrooms.
The baby was naked.
I am Japanese.
Both of the brothers are dead.
I'm reading The New York Times.
Last winter, I went to Canada to ski.
Turn right at the next intersection.
Many pupils bought the book.
Portugal is not an exception.
The army had plenty of weapons.
The victory is ours.
Where are my keys?
You can't or you won't?
I've already worked in a restaurant.
I prepay.
She has the big room entirely to herself.
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev.
The weather was magnificent.
These boxes are made out of plastic.
How much do these glasses cost?
His speech lasted three hours.
Stay with us.
Give me the key.
These books are my best friends.
Three beers and a tequila please!
I need a new pair of shoes.
He comes at noon.
Is this store open on Sundays?
I am an omnivore.
Are you coming to the store with me?
What time does the store open?
The book is small.
My hand is in warm water.
Tell me more.
The word is no longer in use.
I'd like a fish.
His father died last year.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
Where shall we go now? To the theatre or cinema?
Today is Saturday.
I'm really into football.
Who wears the pants in your family?
City life has advantages and disadvantages.
If I had known about it, I would have told you.
I help my mother with the housework every day.
They always complain.
It's easy to pick up bad habits.
Bear in mind that you are dust.
Although he's young, he's an outstanding doctor.
Reading books is a habit of mine.
Under the table is a cat.
Who does this belong to?
I don't want to live alone.
I want to watch the film.
Acid attacks metal.
I feel bad today.
I owe my success to her help.
If you want to be happy, then be happy.
It breaks my heart!
He doesn't trust the doctor any more.
If you hurry, you can make it.
They're having a break at the moment.
You must start immediately.
His achievements were acknowledged.
I like English more than maths.
You can count on her.
The capital of Ukraine is Kyiv.
The game was very interesting.
At eight o'clock I will be ready for work.
This medicine has no harmful side-effects.
I think we should wait another half an hour.
What does it actually mean?
It's possible, but not probable.
To loosen a screw, turn it to the left.
I work in a bank.
You have dirt under your fingernails.
The capital of Ukraine is Kiev.
I sent it yesterday; you should receive it tomorrow.
Your car is fast, but mine is faster.
The cat ran away.
The withdrawal symptoms are more severe than I thought.
In spite of all the cooking shows I've watched, I'm still no good in the kitchen.
Japan imports great quantities of crude oil.
He answered his parents.
He replied to his parents.
Say hello to your parents from me.
And God said: Let there be light. And there was light.
Looks like Latin, but it is not.
Repetition is the mother of memory.
He lived in Spain, I think.
The bike's mine.
The meeting room is occupied at the moment.
He gave them food and money.
I almost got run over by a truck.
Most young people have a mobile phone.
Is it love?
He's not a doctor.
Can I call you back within twenty minutes?
This sentence is false.
He decided to come.
Who out of your friends will come?
Who did you write a letter to?
Which of you will come with me?
Which eye is hurting you?
December has thirty-one days.
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.
The price isn't important.
What do you want to say?
In Africa there are many lions.
I am Jorge.
No roses without thorns.
I can't think of anything.
What do you want from me?
What's wrong with you?
You're crazy!
He's been teaching for 20 years.
It is too hot.
He arrives tomorrow in Paris.
She's a blonde girl.
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.
You think you're awake, but you may, in fact, be dreaming.
In some societies, wives are still considered the property of their husbands.
Only humans name things.
I leave in an hour.
I've decided that we won't go.
This is a house of crazies!
Their house is very modern.
Can you sing a song for everyone?
The new tunnel will link Great Britain and France.
Let's stop playing tennis.
This sentence is - apart from a few small tweaks - a sentence that you can find on Tatoeba.
I'd like to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I have other things to do.
Please connect a controller.
Ladies first!
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
In a fit of anger I punched the wall and broke my index finger.
It's my fault, not yours.
Believe me.
I won't see her anymore.
More kids, more hands.
He earns a living.
Smoking is no habit but an addiction.
It's not as bad as it sounds.
I am learning Basque.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
The more you explain it, the more I don't understand it.
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
The saved game appears to be damaged and cannot be used. Please quit the game and then restart after removing the save data.
I don't know why I'm in a bad mood this morning.
I don't like the house he lives in.
This is my father.
I don't want to write with this pen.
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.
We all want prices to fall.
Where are you heading?
It's impossible for us to visualise four-dimensional objects.
The U.S. president's passport is black, not blue like an average citizen's.
An animal can be much more dangerous when wounded.
Time's up. Please pass in your exams.
How heavy you are!
She waited patiently for him.
Arianna, you're a disaster!
Math sucks.
The best player of all times was Pelé.
I am the State! said the king.
How many caps do you own?
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.
You may invite anyone you like.
Where are the boys?
Our team is still undefeated.
The beautiful girl with black hair was in the park.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Laughter is infectious.
She loves me. But I do not love her.
You are children.
I am not eating.
She wants to dance.
I am eating a banana.
I did not know this.
Old people wake up early.
I admire Pharamp a lot.
Let's just hope she won't evaluate the grammar.
Nobody wants it.
He ran.
You run.
He runs.
She runs.
I couldn't sleep all night.
I must learn Japanese.
The book is mine.
I don't have any enemies.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
I have a bad feeling about this.
To buy my computer, I had to pay €100.
I have no comment.
My uncle has been diagnosed with leukemia.
This organisation promotes literacy in rural areas.
Get the fuck out of here.
Did you hear about yesterday's fire?
He swims in the river.
But I don't have money.
Don't be stupid.
She needs our help.
There are a few boats on the lake.
We have fish for dinner today.
You can't park your car here.
He speaks two languages besides English.
I want to visit Cuba before Castro dies.
We are expecting the publication of his book.
A pill for every ill.
Hark!
It's our duty to help.
My parents are both dead.
He is small and weak.
I live on the ground floor.
This is my friend.
It doesn't matter!
I cry every time I listen to this song.
He smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger.
It is two o'clock in the morning.
Language schools suck.
She is a beginner.
She lives in Kyoto.
Are you pulling my leg?
What's the difference between a violin and a piano? A piano burns longer.
I play with the PlayStation 3.
What is the difference between a pigeon?
I'm from Colombia.
Sysko, will you fix the Uzbek transliteration tomorrow?
I'd like to see her back.
She was at the scene of the crime.
She was at the crime scene.
I'm loved.
Enough is enough!
Where are you now?
I played with my brother.
I don't like this place.
Please pay attention.
What country are you from?
I hate this place.
Where did you hide the food?
This is the life that I chose.
Please choose wisely.
The world began without man and it shall end without him.
They're able students.
We're able dancers.
Tom is able to play soccer.
I'm not able to fix the computer.
They're able to sing.
I don't want to talk about the weather.
Are you thinking about getting a job?
The country's economy is about to collapse.
The eagle is about to land.
They're against animal abuse.
People shouldn't abuse animals.
In an emergency, do you act quickly?
Tom has been acting strangely lately.
Brad Pitt is an actor.
I don't have enough money to advertise.
The bad weather affected his health.
Some people are afraid of spiders.
Children are sometimes afraid of the dark.
Are you afraid of horror movies?
Can you do that again?
I didn't see it.
Can you say that again?
The workers are against the new plan.
Is aggression natural, or is it learned?
They got married three months ago.
I sent it to you two days ago.
I like fresh air.
The balloon is filled with air.
This is Carrie Underwood's latest album.
After his accident, he is happy to be alive.
I already called him.
They already got married.
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Pandas are beautiful animals.
I apologize for what I said.
Tom appeared confused.
Tom arrived at the hotel.
Mary is as tall as Tom is.
Autumn is my favorite season.
I paid the bill.
The child's nose is bleeding.
A childhood illness left her blind.
Louis Braille, who was blind from the age of three, invented a way for the blind to read.
It takes about ten minutes to boil an egg.
Someone broke the window.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
I burned my finger.
We need this report by tomorrow.
Who caused the accident?
Is my explanation clear?
Tom hasn't called.
Connect the two cables together.
They like to dance.
The sky was dark.
The national debt is growing.
Louis Pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases.
Tom drowned in the ocean.
It's too early to get up.
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
Tom's efforts were rewarded.
Mary needs a dozen eggs.
Tom loves sports events.
In 1497, John Cabot explored Canada.
The city wants to extend the road.
Will he succeed or fail?
What's your favorite movie?
Did you find your keys?
Tom was lucky to find his keys.
Do you fly frequently?
Our former home was in Sweden.
Tom saw his former employer at a conference.
Tom won a free car.
In 1975, Angola became a free nation.
Fresh food is wonderful.
Friends do things together.
Marriage frightens some people.
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?
This movie is frightening to the children.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
Mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend.
I like to sit in the front of the bus.
Food is fuel for our bodies.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
We had fun at Disneyland.
Spending time with friends on the beach is fun.
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.
Tom has gained weight.
Cricket is a game that takes skill.
I smell gas.
Many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms.
I broke a glass when I did the dishes.
Is that ring made of real gold?
Work on the assignment in small groups.
They are all very happy.
Tom hates the rules.
I want to increase my vocabulary.
The general inspected the troops.
The child was exceptionally intelligent.
Our fence is made of iron.
Tom's father is in jail.
Are you looking for a job?
My cat killed a squirrel.
I don't know Russian.
Tom doesn't know his neighbors.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
They live near the beach.
Mary asked her family for a loan.
A world map shows all the countries.
Pizza is the kid's favorite meal.
They eat meat once a week.
These ice cubes will melt soon.
Tom just missed the train.
Every religion prohibits murder.
Who committed this murder?
Tom loves studying music.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
The mystery of her death was never solved.
What is Mr. Johnson's first name?
Will it start snowing at noon or later?
Tom is not fond of pets.
Can you add these numbers?
The house was full of colorful art objects.
Mary offered Tom a gift.
A general is a high-ranking military officer.
Come in, the door's open.
Soldiers must follow orders.
Tom was complaining of back pain.
The doctor checked the patient's pulse.
What period is this painting from?
Earth is a planet.
We all live on planet Earth.
If you plant an apple seed, it might grow into a tree.
A haiku is one type of poem.
Exhaust from factories pollutes the air.
The population is growing.
Tom's flight was postponed for three hours.
Vaccinations help prevent childhood diseases.
That company produces microchips.
The water is pure.
Everybody should have a purpose.
A crane raises heavy construction materials.
Tom had no reason to be angry.
Mary received beautiful flowers from her son.
Did you recognize your old classmate?
The terrorists released the hostages.
Tom is a responsible driver.
Do you want the rest of my sandwich?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
Two men wearing masks robbed the bank.
The scandal ruined his career.
The earth's moon is a natural satellite.
Thousands of satellites orbit around the earth.
Spring is my favorite season.
The children shared a pizza after school.
It was a shock to hear about Tom's divorce.
Tom always shouts when he is angry.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
Chicken pox is a common sickness in children.
Ice is solid.
Bagpipes produce a very strange sound.
I have a special relationship with my aunt.
Tom tore the paper in half.
I tore a hole in my jeans when I fell off my bike.
Would you like to go to the theater this evening?
These keys are not mine.
The wall is two meters thick.
This book is very thick.
This laptop computer is very thin.
The plumber used many tools to fix our sink.
Tom filled the bucket to the top.
Tom put his wallet on top of the dresser.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
Life in a small town is boring.
Trade between two countries can be complex.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
I trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning.
Steel traps are illegal.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
Many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We are planning a trip to New York.
How old is the universe?
The universe is endless.
The cat climbed up the tree.
They saw us yesterday.
Would you like to play with us?
Mary doesn't use salt in her cooking.
We don't need a visa to go to France.
Which countries have you visited?
I didn't vote in the last election.
Watch what you're doing!
Soldiers are trained to use weapons.
The weather is beautiful today.
How many languages do you speak well?
The sun always sets in the west.
The sidewalks were wet after the rain.
Cats don't like to get wet.
It's not known who first invented the wheel.
My living room has wide windows.
Millions of wild animals live in Alaska.
Tom won $10,000 in the lottery.
The Republican candidate won the election.
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
Who is the wisest person you know?
It's a wonder they're still awake.
My mother worries about everything.
The weather today is worse than yesterday.
I love my yellow sweater.
Tom's birthday was yesterday.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
It's easier to learn a new language when you are young.
Most young adults enjoy going out at night.
"There are two zeros in the number ""2010."""
Zero comes before one.
The beautiful French language is lost.
I have no friends to play with.
The arrow missed its target.
Any book will do provided it is interesting.
Is this true?
My pastime is collecting insects.
Stop resisting!
Jingle Bells, a popular song around Christmas time, is not really a Christmas song. The lyrics say nothing about Christmas.
He was born in Switzerland.
This explanation doesn't mean anything!
Although he is rich, he is not happy.
What languages do you speak?
Do you have money?
He blackmailed me.
Your book is here.
He's always on time.
Wanker.
He speaks quickly.
What is today's date?
What is your job?
What is your opinion?
What is your phone number?
What is your surname?
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
What's the name of my doctor?
What's the weather like today?
When do you drink coffee?
When do you write?
When does it open?
Where are the giraffes?
Where are the toilets?
Where do they live?
Where do you all live?
Where do you write?
Where is it?
Where is mom?
Where is my luggage?
Where is the exit?
Where is the nearest metro station?
Where were you born?
Where's the bakery?
Where's the children's section?
Which one do you prefer?
Who is the man who was talking with you?
Who sings that song?
Where is my office?
Why are you drinking water?
Why are you washing your hands?
Why did you buy flowers?
Why do you need a new ladder?
Yes, I have insurance.
Yes, I speak Spanish.
Yes, please.
You made it!
You teach Arabic.
You can use this phone.
Is this what you want?
I can't remember her name.
I'm 24 years old.
I'm 24.
Smoking kills.
My wife's father is my father-in-law.
I was born in 1972.
He speaks really well.
He hurt himself during yesterday's game.
He is more clever than I am.
Do you speak Chinese well?
Hush!
He put his money in the bag.
You came too late.
My book bag is very heavy.
My bag is empty.
Someone stole my bag.
They fucked all night long.
I don't give a fuck.
Italy is a peninsula.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
It's better.
Today is a boring day.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
The second lesson is very simple.
Rest in peace.
I like to write poems.
You'll never take me alive!
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
It's exactly what I wanted.
That will change nothing.
Idiot!
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
Stop gawking.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I need a knife.
All you can do is wait.
Hello, I'm Mike.
You don't give up too easily, do you?
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast.
Four or five pens in one's shirt pocket is a dead giveaway for a nerd.
Thou shalt not kill.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
Who teaches you?
Do you need money?
It's very hot today.
Love, Jon.
I'm not afraid.
No, it's not.
He doesn't work here anymore.
You need the keys?
Yolks are yellow.
I know whether or not he is an enemy.
I know who my enemy is.
I have returned.
He managed to climb the mountain.
She felt a bit tired.
Ingo loves her.
I have just returned.
If there was no sun, we would not be able to live.
Would you like to travel to the United States?
It was impossible to understand his questions.
Mothers used to tell their sons that if they masturbated they would go blind.
One does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral.
Are you studying or working?
The book is white.
The book is big.
Life is short.
Wait a minute.
Do you live alone?
It's time to go home.
Tomorrow I'm going to Paris.
Is this real turquoise? At this price? Come on!
I don't like novels without heroes.
That tie really suits you.
Don't worry about me; hell is where all the interesting people go.
I'm staying at home.
The kernel of a group homomorphism always contains the neutral element.
Ask a policeman!
The library is in the center of the city.
The battery of my MP3-player was empty.
In a democracy, it's important for the press to be independent.
Open your book to page ten.
That was really interesting.
I'll call him.
This fact proves her innocence.
He loves to fish.
Can you solve this problem?
I'll stay at home today.
My doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine.
Where is he?
Yesterday, I ate an apple.
I'm about to go out.
I will talk about it with my horse.
The concert lasted about three hours.
Don't touch that.
I saw the dog.
I'm 18 years old.
Yesterday we had a good evening with my brothers and friends, and a very nice barbecue.
Many kiss the hand they wish to cut off.
You did what you had to do.
My dad gives me an allowance of $10 a week.
I'm open to suggestions.
Who do you live with?
You disappear.
This conversation is being recorded.
That man was wearing a tiger mask.
Reality has one problem - it is always honest.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
Is this French?
I would like to see my father.
He believes everything that I say.
He lived until the age of 90.
The new film was a great success.
It was urgent.
It is man's destiny to suffer.
The two brothers have died.
The door was not closed.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop earlier.
More coffee, please.
This week is Fire Prevention Week.
He attributes his poverty to bad luck.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
The King of France is bald.
Ah, the coffee is really hot!
I didn't know he had a weak heart.
London is among the world's largest cities.
Prices continue to climb.
This is new.
I have a new bicycle.
My mother is in the kitchen.
She took a taxi to the museum.
The author is Brazilian.
Do you speak Esperanto?
It's a pretty house.
There are no chairs in this room.
Do you like this garden?
Where are you coming from?
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
This sentence isn't very interesting out of context.
I am in favor of a German orthographic reform.
We're neighbors.
They watched me in silence.
40 dollars for seven days.
Where can I do some shopping?
What is your date of birth?
Listen! They're playing my favorite music.
No one knew it.
Start with books that you can easily understand.
So be it.
Tatoeba is a language dictionary.
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
It's all about sentences. Not words.
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.
Why sentences? …you may ask. Well, because sentences are more interesting.
Sentences bring context to the words. Sentences have personalities. They can be funny, smart, silly, insightful, touching, hurtful.
Sentences can teach us a lot. And a lot more than just words.
So we love sentences. But, even more, we love languages.
And what we really want is to have many sentences in many — and any — languages.
Tatoeba is really multilingual. All the languages are interconnected.
If an Icelandic sentence has a translation in English, and the English sentence has a translation in Swahili, then indirectly, this will provide a Swahili translation for the Icelandic sentence.
But where do we get those sentences? And how do we translate them?
Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
Everyone is free to contribute.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
It doesn't require you to be a polyglot.
Everyone speaks a language.
Everyone can feed the database to illustrate new vocabulary.
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct, and are correctly spelled.
And actually, this project needs everyone.
Languages are not carved in stone. Languages live through all of us.
We want to capture all the uniqueness of each language. And we as well want to capture their evolution through time.
We're releasing all the sentences we collect under the Creative Commons Attribution license.
So that's Tatoeba.
We want to bring language tools to the next level. We want to see innovation in the language learning landscape. And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
That's awesome, right?
This is the most beautiful ostrich I've ever seen.
I don't remember exactly.
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
He'll be seventeen in February.
Stir the soup.
Is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses?
She'll be seventeen in February.
Do you think she's attractive?
You have changed a lot.
I have a brand new pair of socks.
If cheese is good, but the cake is a lie, what is a cheesecake? A good lie.
I have to hurry!
What are the pros and cons of hitchhiking?
We're heading for disaster.
The world is a grand ball in which everyone wears a mask.
Do you think animals have a soul?
The girl who works at the bakery is pretty.
Get out of here! All of you!
It's raining again.
The accident wasn't your fault.
Don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
It's for you that I have come.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
That plane is enormous!
Do you still collect stamps?
He's trying to commit suicide.
She's trying to commit suicide.
The shop stays open all day.
He is heroic.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
Dwarf tossing is not an Olympic sport.
They're playing our song.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
More than 10,000 people signed the petition.
Happy Mother's Day!
Do you like to sing?
He was crying.
This is the cheapest shop in town.
I'm worried about you.
They have drunk two bottles of wine.
The Van Horn family was rich.
Next spring I want to go to Hawaii.
Dad isn't home.
Javier turned red.
The steeple of the cathedral of Seville used to be a minaret.
I've decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
What is two plus two?
What's Ken doing?
He caught a cold.
It's so big!
Hate is a cancer on society.
Taking photos here is prohibited.
As a girl, Elisa loved to play nurse with her dolls.
I pay in cash.
I hope he'll wait for me.
If I had time, I could help you.
Fine, thanks.
I'm on my way.
Thank you for the correction.
She speaks ten languages.
He explained it to me.
Doctor, my stomach hurts.
I understand you.
We're students.
Do we have to take the bus?
I believe in ghosts.
I like to go to the movies.
You began to learn Esperanto.
Count to thirty.
This tea is very good.
When will you return?
Tomorrow is the last day of school!
The first of human rights is to shut up!!!
She didn't go there yesterday.
Have you got a car?
I don't have a computer at home.
With Esperanto you can communicate equally with people from other countries.
I'd rather be poor than rich.
I feel happy when I'm with you.
I'm 17, too.
Nothing new under the sun.
Show me where Puerto Rico is on the map.
If you're unhappy with your private life, I suggest you register on Facebook. It's the best way to get rid of it.
If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible.
My grandfather died in the same room in which he was born.
"The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is ""What does a woman want?"""
I had to study English.
You'll get used to it.
I have many discs.
When the chips are down, the only one you can count on is yourself.
Though my house was in the path of the tornado it came through unscathed.
These rights are inalienable.
Her silence surprised me.
This is my cat.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
I don't think he killed those men.
I want to want what you want.
Can you spin a basketball on your fingertip?
Suits me fine.
He's at her side.
My phone was out of order.
I asked him if I could read his book.
He studies Chinese as well.
Violin, piano and harp are musical instruments.
He's two years older than me.
Rice is cultivated in several parts of the world.
I don't have time for you.
Nobody has deleted this sentence.
Are you a wizard?
Can you also count in Italian?
The crops need rain.
Can you count in Italian?
I know the feeling.
My watch is five minutes slow.
You've put your hat on backwards.
I don't know what to write in this sentence.
If actions mean more than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
The phrase 'honest politician' is an oxymoron.
You have to keep your promise.
Wouldn't you like to drink some tea?
I haven't seen him for a very long time.
I have to clean up my apartment.
Warning: unsupported characters are displayed using the '_' character.
Has prison changed him?
Adam spent 3 years in jail for drug possession.
Two coffees, please.
You have to see it to believe it.
A man was fishing on the opposite bank.
He's not a boy anymore.
I'm beautiful.
How was the weather yesterday?
I think I understood.
I am Antonio.
My name is Luis.
I know that.
Anita washes the tub.
I blacked out.
His dad calls him Tom.
This is so boring.
I want to go to see a movie.
I'm Italian.
I am Italian.
After work, I go right home.
I come from China.
I've got two books.
Harry, I'm worried.
What was the weather like?
I told him what the problem was.
This sentence needs to be checked.
Are they still in bed?
What a nice surprise!
An inch is now precisely 2.54 centimeters.
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before.
Her slurred speech was an indication that she was drunk.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
We have to act quickly.
He has been to France three times.
I'm in the car.
Don't threaten me.
They don't eat meat.
Susan never smokes.
They are vegetarians.
The Italians never drink coffee.
The Italians seldom talk about politics.
They never drink beer.
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.
She smokes a lot.
Do you speak Spanish?
I prefer going to the mountains in summer.
The days are getting warmer and warmer.
Samantha has arrived.
I've already had a coffee.
I seldom hear from him.
She sat on the empty beach watching the waves roll in one after the other.
How many letters does the Russian alphabet have?
But I have no money.
Don't forget to lock the door!
Your father is Japanese.
Do you know the way?
Someone left their umbrella in the hall.
Call me Ishmael.
Kill me with words!
He lived alone in the forest.
It's windy.
She's my daughter.
He's my neighbour.
He is my neighbour.
It is midday.
The men are eating lunch.
I prefer the black one.
How did you spend your holiday?
You are a workaholic.
Do you know Latin?
Has the house got a garden?
Is there a washing machine in the house?
Has the house got a dining room?
This book isn't mine.
This sentence is not in Italian.
I hate my neighbour.
He was thirsty.
You are not the owner of this save data. You will not be able to save your progression. Trophies will be disabled.
His father is Japanese.
She cut the apple in two.
"English has no word for ""Zeitgeist""."
Sysko has plans to buy Microsoft.
How romantic!
What language is spoken in Egypt?
This is my horse.
The baby is cranky because it's teething.
The public is clamoring for more jobs and lower taxes.
I'm sorry, I fucked up.
I work here.
How is the family doing?
Is breakfast included in the price?
I am from Brazil.
If you don't eat, you'll die.
Nowhere is safe.
Dogs that bark don't bite.
Barking dogs don't bite.
Klabaster and Gizmo are cats.
The prisoner was set free yesterday.
The key is on the table.
The bride is American with Polish origins.
She's lost the plot.
I share this room with my sister.
I can't answer your question.
Spring has passed and summer is starting.
The nurse used a sphygmomanometer to check my blood pressure.
The skin is the largest organ of the body.
A language is a dialect with an army and navy.
Both pronunciations are correct.
Kobe is the city I like most.
I need a stamp.
It's a quaint old village.
The bicycle is mine.
I feel very good.
My pillow is so soft!
The postman was in good spirits this morning.
This sentence has no authors.
I am John.
I have got a question.
She always speaks English.
You chatter too much.
What don't you like?
What has he done today?
His success went to his head.
I would scream very loudly if I saw a scorpion in my room.
Spiders scare me.
He deceived me.
We're out of beer.
I am a woman.
"The policeman must say, ""It's the law."""
"The policeman must say, ""It is the law."""
This sentence has various meanings.
This sentence will be translated.
Two families live in the house.
I don't know any blind men.
I need more blankets.
I love snow.
He has no bicycle.
In a mad world only the mad are sane.
The pentagram is an important symbol in witchcraft.
Sicily is hot in summer.
Peter's cottage is very big.
Tom is always late.
My uncle's car is faster than mine.
Barrichello drives very fast.
I never do any exercise.
My sister jogs every day.
Paul talks a lot.
Mary's the laziest of her schoolmates.
Can I come too?
Could you give me my bank balance, please?
Can you iron this T-shirt for me, please?
David is at home.
That's him at the window.
The lights aren't on.
I saw Liz this morning.
Bill took his little brother to the zoo.
The room was hot.
Who's that?
My father is in the garden.
He gets up at seven.
She gets up at seven.
He was listening to music in his room.
Anyhow, he may now be in Paris.
Cinderella had two evil stepsisters.
A friend of mine is distantly related to Emily Dickinson.
I can drive.
Where is my sentence?
I read a book last night.
Because we're worth it.
You are a patient woman.
We aim at that objective.
Don't be a douchebag!
I'm addicted to Tatoeba.
Life ain't easy.
Jean travels less than Alice.
You're annoying me.
And here I stand, with all my lore, poor fool, no wiser than before.
Thailand is in Asia.
Step back, Satan!
Tomorrow I won't be here.
Are you saying that my life is in danger?
When did the error occur?
What did the experimental set-up look like? What was connected to what and how?
How is the error observed?
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically? Is the error reproducible?
My older sister takes a shower every morning.
The plane will land in an hour.
Interlingua is a modern tool for international communication.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
She's thirty-three.
He asked my mother.
How much did you pay for that?
Figure it out yourself.
Windscreen wipers are useless against ice.
Why is snow white?
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
Write at least 250 words.
We're neighbours.
I was at the cinema.
I never read the book.
It's warm today.
I'll leave the book for you with my neighbour.
My neighbour has renovated his house completely.
Is there no other way?
I'm sorry, I couldn't write earlier because I was ill.
We elected him president.
This dictionary isn't mine.
Three ice-creams, please.
Will you be at home tonight?
I was on the train for twelve hours.
She has a house by the sea.
She's minging.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been.
Everyone must die.
The garden is behind the house.
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
China is much bigger than Japan.
There aren't any fish living in this river anymore.
Tom isn't a lazy child.
"The word ""nigger"" is an offensive term."
I'm living my dream.
I would like to study Arabic.
Rome is the capital of the world.
I was born in 1988.
The biggest defeat for an atheist is ending up in paradise.
I bought a red diary.
It would be fantastic to have a zen garden in front of the house!
Let's wait for the rain to end!
We're quite drunk.
You must learn from your mistakes.
This is my favourite project.
His finger bleeds.
His toe bleeds.
Her finger bleeds.
Her toe bleeds.
Her nails are red.
I was scared stiff.
I translate sentences on Tatoeba in my spare time.
Can you play guitar?
I need some sugar.
You're a murderer.
Can I see your driving license?
He was a good friend.
Do you know why this date is important?
I'm busy right now.
Things didn't go as planned.
These technical terms are derived from Greek.
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever seen!
He can speak Japanese.
In Germany, the Italian mafia is an underestimated problem.
The company is in the red.
All I know is that she left last week.
He lost his parents in a plane accident.
Advice is seldom welcome, and those who need it the most, like it the least.
Game over.
That's not in my bailiwick.
I want to know who's coming with us.
What's the time?
Is this not so?
Thanks for the information.
I'm listening to music.
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
She really likes cake.
You are blushing.
I feel good.
The policeman was drunk.
Have you seen this man?
It is impossible for me to help you.
I like snow a lot.
I am not deaf.
I want to be a better person.
Did you see my father?
Fools are happy.
My headache is gone.
My old English teacher is certainly rolling in her grave right now.
He has two cats.
Maybe I should study German.
My mum likes tea very much.
I love my mother.
My name's Jack.
The statistics show that our standard of living is high.
A nuclear war would mean the fall of humankind.
What do you want to talk about?
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
I want to ask you a question.
Can I open a can?
I'm doing the dishes.
There is something about him I don't like.
They left early.
The plane gets in at eight o'clock.
We asked him what he was called.
Get a hold of yourself.
Is mercury really a metal?
Muiriel had no other choice but to accept her defeat.
Did you understand what he meant?
He does not paint the walls, but wallpapers them.
My friend is seventeen years old.
My friend is seventeen.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
We'll go when it stops raining.
I fell in love with you.
These women are my aunts.
That car is his.
Why do you lie?
The room is hot.
Father is a good person.
He'll return at six.
I'm against the war.
Silence is golden.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
"What does ""Tatoeba"" mean?"
In the hospital room, the nurse wearing white clothes and the midwife were preparing for the delivery.
My English teacher has advised me to read these books.
Did I fall asleep?
While doing the wash she found a condom in the back pocket of her son's pants.
Most Hollywood movies have a happy ending.
Your shelf is full of books.
This child believes that the earth is flat.
God bless Tatoeba!
Would you like to go to a movie tonight?
Someone called.
He plays the piano better than me.
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
I want to visit a medieval village.
My name is Sally.
Take off your jacket because it's very hot.
That is a strange sentence.
Why are you so awful?
I hope you understand.
I miss you constantly.
The man ate bread.
God knows.
This book is really old.
What would German be without commas?
Why are some translations in grey?
How do I delete a sentence?
I love nature.
I don't speak fast.
This tree is older than that car.
I have less money than you.
Put it onto the table.
I want to eat it.
He speaks English very loudly.
He is sitting on the chair.
The book is being written by my husband.
I don't have enough money yet.
My friend doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
The users of Tatoeba are kind.
Cockroaches are insects.
This man is dead.
Those earphones don't work.
I married when I was 19 years old.
There is a rock in my shoe.
He impressed me with his magic tricks.
My friend has arrived.
He plays chess very well.
Hasn't Jim arrived yet?
I am afraid.
Why are you angry?
What's her name?
I think that there is a man there.
It is not raining.
My family is fine, thanks.
I like to eat.
Do you want to eat?
I am learning Quechua.
He is tall.
They are big.
Are they tall?
This man is Pedro.
Who is this man?
I have no wife.
Are you the boss?
I have a house.
I have a table.
I don't want to go with you.
Ana doesn't have a sister.
I have brothers.
I have sisters.
I don't have a sister.
I don't have four sisters.
I'm glad to be here.
Don't come.
Are you coming with me?
He left the window open.
He does not like us.
Yes, as far as I know.
He shouts a lot.
Who knows Hu Jintao's birthday?
Scream it loud!
I can fly.
I know how to fly.
Do you have a husband?
Two women are singing.
That woman over there is Ana.
I learn Quechua.
It's raining here.
It's snowing here.
It snows there.
It's raining there.
I want to live in a town.
I want to live in a small town.
I want to live in a big city.
If you want, I will come back here.
I will sit here until he sings.
They are talking about what they will sing.
The water is lukewarm.
The penis entered the vagina.
His father won't come. He's very busy.
He screams a lot.
I can't find my girlfriend's clitoris.
I am better.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
You have already eaten.
They already have eaten.
Would you lend me your bicycle?
Do you trust her?
She won many competitions.
I think that everyone has to make efforts to save nature.
My neighbour's name is Deng Daping.
I like watching lesbian porn.
She has big boobs.
It's not that simple.
The tiger was killed.
I am afraid it's too late.
I'm a Japanese teacher.
I want to buy a cheap dictionary.
You want to learn Russian? But that's even more vulgar than French!
Don't call me anymore.
My computer's acting strange.
You're the first person I told that to.
This bus is going to Minsk.
Did you understand what he said?
I think I've got it.
She likes to smoke tobacco.
I like Ozodbek's songs.
This website seems quite good.
The cat is in the well.
There's no water in the well.
I can't.
I'm sick.
He returned to Japan.
It makes sense.
If the cat is outside, the mice dance on the table.
What is better than friendship?
That makes sense.
Do you think I'm joking?
We'll hide in Egypt.
This smell might come from the oven!
I have two brothers and three sisters.
Where is the vodka?
Do you have dried salted beef?
We don't know each other.
Who is this lady?
She's not here.
It's a cloak-and-dagger operation.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
She has large breasts.
I want to sleep with your wife.
He thought up an excuse.
World War I began in the year 1914.
I am fed up with his behaviour.
There's no need to worry.
I'd like to go to France one day.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
Do not disturb.
My older sister goes jogging every day.
She has a big family.
His bike is better than mine.
That's shit!
An hexagon has six sides.
My dad's name is Fritz.
Oscar was my mum's dog.
I don't like spring.
French are better gardeners than Germans: they have green hands whereas their neighbours only have green thumbs.
Last night I dreamed of you.
Only time will tell.
I decided to learn Esperanto today.
How did you learn Esperanto?
I lost my patience.
Stay calm.
He has a huge cock.
This sentence is mine.
My house is next to the big tree.
I often read books.
It's not difficult to learn Dutch.
To be or not to be?
This is the best restaurant I know of.
We are all praying for Japan.
It's just like a nightmare.
I prefer coffee.
Prices will continue to rise.
I am a Muslim.
He is a compulsive gambler.
I study art history.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
Human pride is human weakness.
No doubt. He's a warmonger.
He has come!
He's behaving oddly.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
Mathematicians are creative artists, their artworks being sophisticated constructs of ideas and aesthetic proofs.
Do Tatoeba contributors sleep?
This is the last train.
How shameful!
In the past it was thought the world was flat.
It is said the house is haunted.
This writer is Russian.
My friend is Indian.
I have relatives in Milan.
Thank you so much! I am alive.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
He is the tallest person in the class.
The rest follows naturally.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
The shadow of the stick is visible.
Inspired by her teachers, Pharamp is going to start her solar career tomorrow.
You're so predictable.
It's almost midnight here.
How was it?
I like spring.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
I've boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
It is necessary to lose weight.
She always believes me.
She used to drink beer.
Thanks for having me.
A cat? asked the old man.
This hut is a very special place.
Is it really worth it?
That is not art. That is a vagina with teeth.
I am not a witch.
Marco thinks he writes well.
I missed you a lot.
He is a Hongkonger.
In front of the university, there are some bookstores.
Can I ask you a question?
I'm a poor student and I can't pay you.
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.
She's beautiful.
What singer do you prefer?
I want the time and the health to finish my Icelandic textbook.
I would call my parents.
Thank you for your understanding.
Where are the knives?
Where are the meters?
It is an endangered species.
Misfortunes rarely come singly.
What is the capital of Haiti?
I love golf.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and holiday are the days of the week.
The robot went out of control.
This is what the law says.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
I am new here.
The girl seems to be rich.
I turned off the tap.
Install Linux!
The doctor is fighting against the disease.
Who's on duty today?
I am right.
Horror movies frighten me.
Who is next?
Flowers are yellow.
The book is red.
The dress is green.
The cat is under the table.
Are you afraid of death?
They are afraid of death.
I am afraid of death.
He isn't afraid of death.
Is he afraid of death?
I'm not afraid of death.
She isn't afraid of death.
We aren't afraid of death.
They aren't afraid of death.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
They had no money left.
They wanted protection.
They were so different.
How much should they get?
They found no such proof.
They had different ideas.
They were spending money.
They called it mass murder.
They refused to be drafted.
They wanted something better.
They were forced to withdraw.
They did not have enough gold.
They refused to join the army.
They read newspapers and books.
They were angry about several things.
They can communicate using hand signs.
They jumped through a window into the river.
He must be at least 35 years old.
He was successful in several areas.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
He went to school only for a few years.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
The hedgehog is a small animal.
Does it exist?
Does she exist?
Do we exist?
Despite the pain, he put on a brave face.
The War of 1812 had begun.
The Second World War was not yet over.
World War One had ended just 15 years earlier.
Women were given the right to vote.
His family did not have much money.
Some civilians were killed.
Seven policemen were killed.
Thirteen Americans were killed.
He talked about music.
Many Americans blamed Spain.
The Americans rejected the offer.
Some Americans joined the Communist Party.
Black Americans continued to suffer from racism.
No one expected him to be a candidate again.
A doctor examined Mr. Brown.
Doctors were called to the White House.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
The soldiers could see him now.
The soldiers set fire to the barn.
There were soldiers on these ships.
The Union soldiers fought fiercely.
German soldiers marched through France.
The soldiers had more powerful weapons.
The city was full of hungry soldiers.
More tractors meant fewer horses and mules.
The treaty was signed.
It's so obvious that it's a lie!
I love blackberries.
I drank milk.
He shaved.
There were no railroads.
There was another problem.
Pierce was elected in 1852.
Saddam rejected the demand.
Living conditions were hard.
It was not a complete victory.
Prices rose higher and higher.
The president remained in bed.
There also was another reason.
This ship was ten meters long.
Slaves were considered property.
Turkey was stronger than Greece.
The situation there was critical.
The water was calm and very blue.
His condition got worse every day.
His policies were too progressive.
The price of everything increased.
It became difficult to find buffalo.
Millions of workers lost their jobs.
Rockefeller was governor of New York.
Some were farmers, some were hunters.
There was a bridge across each river.
A blood vessel burst inside his brain.
Parents were hopeful about the future.
France and Britain joined the invasion.
Gold had been discovered in California.
The servants' screams awakened everyone.
The situation changed the following year.
Quakers believe that all people are equal.
The United States became a nation in 1776.
Millions of persons lost all their savings.
Napoleon Bonaparte ruled France at that time.
How do magnets work?
Not yet.
His words gave me hope.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
He wears glasses.
A fish rots from the head down.
I am on the right.
You're weird - I like you.
Use it or lose it.
You live and learn.
Don't panic!
Always at service!
I like sushi.
He lives alone.
I met my friend.
I killed God.
I read this in the newspaper.
A bird can fly.
I love the songs sung by Kylie Minogue.
I will keep my fingers crossed for you.
Air is lighter than water.
The moon shines in the sky.
I won't disappoint you.
I won't let you down.
I give you a book.
I need friends.
Why are you meowing?
He was a soldier during the war.
She has a white cat.
Would you like some tea or coffee?
Hail, Caesar!
I came here to study.
Our topic of the week is: _____.
Let's find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic, add them to the following list: _____; and translate them.
He seduced her with his didgeridoo.
I come from Colombia.
He is good at football.
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
I must help her.
This tea tastes good.
I see a book.
The apple does not fall far from the trunk.
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
They will not pass!
I postponed the event.
No one trusts him more.
Coffee gives you energy!
No one listened to me.
Jane and I play the piano well.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
Do I have to open the window?
The godmother baked a delicious cake.
I never lie.
Love doesn't exist.
The lamp is grey.
The table is green.
Rome is an Italian town.
Berlin is a German town.
Do you want a dinosaur to eat?
Have you asked the others?
The other one doesn't work.
Water is wet.
Water is liquid.
April fools!
We are late.
Who's speaking?
It's not the same thing.
I have to go, it's late!
Do we need a world language?
I was born this way!
May I speak with Judy?
If the medicine isn't working, maybe we should up the dosage.
He died three years ago.
That CD costs 10 dollars.
She confused a cup of tea with a bottle of vodka.
I've gained weight.
My kitchen help has the intelligence of a spatula.
Translation is the language of Europe.
During the 2011 Tohoku earthquake, the height of the tsunami waves reached up to 37.9 meters.
Kill it with fire!
The black one is mine.
I work for you.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
Come to visit me.
I'll stay until tomorrow.
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris and I had it framed.
I need many books.
She's the closest thing to family he has.
You sound like a broken record.
Her idea is better than yours.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
I need a lot of books.
I really like French cooking.
Why are you guys so angry?
Why are you so mad?
I waited for her for a really long time.
Gotcha!
Liu Xiaobo is Chinese.
What's your full name?
Say no to drugs.
Winners don't use drugs.
I hate you.
I am Hungarian.
Why did you cry?
I hate ticks!
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
The tsunami alert was cancelled.
The minimum wage in Okinawa is 642 yen per hour.
Something wrong?
That's not for you to decide.
Shall we dance?
Bulgaria is the only country in Europe where a former monarch has been elected prime minister.
Paper napkins are sold in packs of ten.
Tux is the mascot for Linux.
The fish are safe to eat.
Manny wants to be a unicorn so girls will ride him.
My robot's name is Maruchi.
I don't speak English well even though I took it for six years at school.
I'm here for you.
A catastrophe has been averted.
She always dresses in black.
I own this sentence.
I don't own this sentence.
I don't like you.
I'm in a bad mood today.
I know your first name.
I don't feel like translating this sentence.
The truth?
He's from Georgia.
You should go to bed.
The snow has melted.
I've said everything.
Michael Jackson has passed away.
Show me today's papers.
Why so much hate?
I think that Tatoeba is quite slow today.
I want a chamomile tea.
I'm going back.
I think that my German is really bad.
Grandma likes watching TV.
They sell everything here.
He lives at the top of this hill.
He's fast.
Napoleon's army advanced up to Moscow.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
Appetite comes with eating.
Music unites.
How can we learn the truth?
It took her six years to get up the courage to tell him that she didn't like him anymore.
I don't know anybody by that name.
"Why do people add simple and common sentences such as ""hello"", ""how are you"", etc.?"
Where are the parking meters?
Where are the metres?
Where are the parking metres?
We're having a barbie.
We're having a barbecue.
Maria has blue eyes.
When she was abroad, she often used Skype.
Yes. No. Maybe. I don't know.
I only slept for three hours.
I don't smoke any more.
According to the radio, it will rain tomorrow.
No matter how drunk you were, Goethe was a poet!
I was fortunate to find a good job.
He speaks Russian.
Have you ever been to Okinawa?
Again.
It's not safe to swim in that river.
Is this everything?
Like mother, like daughter.
Tokyo is larger than Yokohama.
The roof leaks.
I would complain.
Incredible!
The sky turned dark.
Real men drink tea.
You are pedantic.
Paul was born in Rome.
I went out with my friends.
I study Chinese in Beijing.
Yuriko is planning to move into the furniture business.
Why doesn't the list of languages include Maltese?
I am doing my homework.
I usually drink a lot of milk.
How many students are there in total?
He drives an old Yugo.
Tango is the vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
How many questions are there?
He's a ghostwriter.
She's picking her nose.
A promise is not enough.
Who will win?
Am I qualified?
The reason is clear.
He is always prepared.
Lawyers are all liars.
His father was a policeman.
The reason for this is plain.
The reason for this is obvious.
The wounded were transported with an ambulance.
Who is that woman with the brown coat?
I didn't see anybody.
I'm always hungry.
What are your plans for tonight?
He is a daydreamer.
I live in the city.
All I want is to get rid of you.
That's the crux of the matter.
Susan likes cats.
Is that your book?
I have seen wolves in the Appennines.
That small star is the brightest.
Please wait half an hour.
He is allergic to the truth.
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences?
Courgettes are green.
He acted like a lunatic.
The dog looks sick.
Let's play football!
I play volleyball often.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to sleep.
We don't have tea.
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat.
The train went through a tunnel.
The hill was covered in snow.
Yesterday was hot.
She does not smoke.
There is a library in every city in America.
Come here Emilia! Your father is waiting for you!
She is his friend.
I will always love you.
She came.
He came.
That is her car.
I came for you.
I answered the question.
Lucy is American.
The man is eating bread.
The paper is white.
Why is my dad in the kitchen?
The law is the same for everyone.
I am looking for a shop.
I am learning a little English.
He and I are in the same class.
We do not know her.
I am very pleased.
I am not working.
I am silent.
Hello everyone!
Someone told me that.
I know it by heart.
She will be in New York for two weeks.
I will learn.
I do not like the rain.
The weather is bad today.
I am very tired.
I am an honest person.
My name is Ludwig.
Can you pronounce these words?
Brush your teeth after every meal.
Liars must have a good memory.
Good day!
I like chocolate ice cream!
He showed us a beautiful hat.
It's so fucking cold!
That place is in the middle of nowhere.
Three beers and a tequila, please.
Luke, I am your father.
He killed himself.
I like football.
The murderer confessed his crime.
There is no answer to your question.
She is just a child.
He has a dog and six cats.
She has a dog and six cats.
Your question has no answer.
There is not an answer for your question.
He works in a bank.
We talked about many things.
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly.
This isn't my point of view, it's only my translation!
Washington is the capital of the United States.
I am using Twitter.
She is opening the window.
He is opening the window.
It's super easy!
My name is Jisung.
Shit!
The translation is impossible.
Where were we?
And what do I have to do now?
The boy has a huge bump on his head. No wonder he cried so much!
Generally, men are taller than women.
I've fixed the radio for him.
I am the law!
You're beautiful.
For God's sake!
Don't call me an idiot!
Why doesn't anybody translate my sentences?
I'm a radio ham.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Her right eye is blind.
Which fruit is green?
I drink water because I am thirsty.
I play piano.
Maybe it's true.
He knows none of us.
Where are they from?
This apple is rotten.
That belongs to my brother.
Sorry, I missed the train.
Five plus three is eight.
It is not in my backyard.
Obey thyself.
Children are all foreigners.
O Romeo Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Romeo Romeo, why are you Romeo?
I never drink tea with lemon.
Do you travel much?
You must repay your debts.
You must pay off your debts.
Lucy is an American.
I became a Catholic because I'm extremely pessimistic.
I like to eat hot soup.
Our country wants nothing but peace.
It's a very decorative plant.
The city was founded in 573.
I don't have money.
The boy is jumping.
The horse is jumping.
The girl is jumping.
The dog is jumping.
Who is reading?
This is easy.
This is difficult.
That's what people say.
My dog barks all the time.
What are friends for?
Oh, you know what?
Sorry about that.
That sounds like a good idea.
Let me think about it.
Let me check my schedule.
It was the only way to go.
I'm still very tired.
Interesting.
The children are going to the beach today.
Please continue.
Who was Mona Lisa?
There were six people at the concert last week.
Thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin.
This bed is cold.
Hello. My name is John Reindle. I work at the American Embassy in Prague.
Who is there?
This is the American Embassy.
It's a new book.
Who said that?
Which newspaper would you prefer?
Who lives in that house?
Which film did you see?
How did you do it?
I see a house.
I see this house.
I am fine, and you?
I have read the book.
Don't leave!
Do it!
Don't open the window!
She is making dinner.
He's a journalist.
No comment.
I met Mattias in Spain.
Michael Jackson has died.
Where is your brother?
You're going in the wrong direction.
I work at the embassy.
A king's daughter is a princess.
And why is that?
How can you be so sure?
Why are they here?
Fine. Where?
Flowers are sold there.
We need more.
Cats hate water.
I wrote that book.
The car is slow.
He arrived at midnight.
I speak a little Spanish.
Mario is an Italian citizen.
It's a Spanish book.
There's no need to exaggerate.
She was depressed.
At these events they sell few products.
Give examples.
The next station is where you get off.
He had to leave the city, so he moved to Berlin.
My name is Maria Sara.
Slavery is a crime against humanity.
Let's escape together.
In autumn, the moon is really beautiful.
Artificial neural networks can be used to understand biological neural networks, or to solve problems of artificial intelligence, without necessarily creating models of real biological systems.
Don't sleep too deeply.
Why did he do such a thing?
He is twice as old as she is.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
Err...
Nope.
Yep.
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
All of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
I like this cup.
The map is on the wall.
The boy has a newspaper.
Every country has the government it deserves.
I go to work.
The men go to work.
I was quite surprised.
He does not have any friends.
What books have you read in English?
We are having lunch.
We are having breakfast.
May I have a glass of beer, please?
May I have a glass of wine, please?
Some bread and butter.
I speak Swedish.
I will help you.
Let's see...
Whatever will be, will be.
They work hard.
Mary watches TV every night.
A bee buzzes.
She likes to go to the beach.
She is always smoking.
She understands you now.
The boy is eating bread.
This book is mine. Where is yours?
This little girl lives in Brazil.
He finished breakfast.
I'm at Tokyo Station now.
I don't have a cat.
My back hurts.
There is no sugar here.
Why didn't you read the magazine?
They don't know what they are missing.
A woman is reading a book in the library.
This man has a horse.
The dog is in the house.
The car is in the garage.
The blue car is expensive.
The dogs are in the garden.
There are statues in the park.
The birds were hungry.
Carol's dress is long.
The dog's house is outside.
Choose one.
"Everyone makes mistakes. ""Especially idiots!"""
I didn't know anything.
Female driver, constant danger.
Female drivers are a constant danger.
Shape is very important.
He's coming closer.
The hole is big enough.
"How are you? ""I can't complain."""
Follow me!
I have a lot of books.
Masterpieces are only successful attempts.
I'm not a magician.
The cat is in its basket.
A horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck.
When is the Apocalypse?
I heard you.
Remember!
The writer is working on his new book.
We should study together.
What more could you want?
She accompanied him on the piano.
She accompanied him to Japan.
She accused him of having lied to her.
She admired him.
She adores him.
She told him her age.
She advised him not to drink too much.
She advised him not to go.
She advised him that he should stay at home.
She advised him to fasten his seat belt.
She advised him to give up drinking.
She advised him to go to the hospital.
She advised him to lose weight.
She advised him to stop drinking.
She advised him where he should stay.
She asked him questions.
She asked him to marry her.
She asked him to stay, but he had to go to work.
She attacked him.
She bit him.
She blackmailed him.
She blamed him for all her problems.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
She bought him a ticket.
She called him.
She decided to marry him.
She denied having met him.
She despises him.
She didn't try to translate the letter.
She didn't want him to die.
She didn't want him to play poker.
She divorced him last year.
She doesn't listen to him.
She doesn't want him to buy an expensive engagement ring.
She dumped him.
She first met him in Boston.
She followed him home.
She fooled him.
She forced him to eat spinach.
She forgave him.
She forgot to write him.
She found him handsome.
She gave him a book.
She gave him a massage.
She gave him a nice present.
She gave him a piece of paper.
She gave him an expensive watch.
She gave him his first kiss.
She gave him some food.
She gave him something hot to drink.
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat.
She has forgiven him for everything.
She has known him for a long time.
She has never danced with him.
She has never seen him.
She has never visited him.
She has nothing in common with him.
She hates him.
She heard him sing his favorite song.
She helped him tie his tie.
She helped him.
She helps him.
She hired him.
She hit him with a hammer.
She hit him.
She hugged him.
She ignored him all day.
She insulted him.
She intended to go shopping.
She introduced her sister to him.
She is blackmailing him.
She is distantly related to him.
She is helping him.
She killed him with a knife.
She kissed him on the cheek.
She kissed him.
She likes him.
She listens to him.
She lives with him in a small apartment.
She lives with him.
She loves him.
She married him for his money.
She missed him a lot.
She named him Charles.
She needs him more than he needs her.
She never thinks about him.
She obeys him.
She often goes to the movies with him.
She pinched him.
She promised to marry him.
She pushed him out the window.
She recognized him immediately.
She rejected him.
She saw him break the window.
She slapped him.
She stabbed him.
She startled him.
She stays in touch with him.
She still loves him.
She taught him how to play the piano.
She tempted him.
She threatened him.
She told him a joke.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
She told him that she didn't love him.
She told him that she was happy.
She told him to stop.
She told him to study.
She took him to the zoo.
She took pity on him.
She touched him on the shoulder.
She treated him like a king.
She used to hate him.
She visited him on October 20th.
She wants him.
She wants to go out with him.
She wants to hug him.
She wants to kiss him.
She was advised by him to give up drinking.
She was already in love with him.
She was blackmailed by him.
She was kissed by him.
She wasn't able to meet him.
She wasn't polite to him.
She watched him swim.
She went with him to Boston.
She went with him to the zoo.
She whispered something to him.
She woke him up.
She worships him.
She wouldn't speak to him.
She writes to him every week.
She's smarter than him.
She's taller than him.
She's two years older than him.
She's two years younger than him.
She's younger than him.
She bought a couple of boots.
This is due to English being a world language.
What do you intend to do from now on? Do you have an objective?
Please sit on this chair and wait.
I'm learning Czech.
I'm Farshad.
I can't drink alcohol.
Come!
In other words, you're stupid.
Want to drink something?
Check the suitability of the blood for transfusion.
Move quietly.
I can't stand cowards.
He leads a hectic life.
Nothing is holy.
What colour is Henri IV's white horse?
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
And finally, twelve points to Estonia!
I must clean the bathroom right away.
It's too late to apologize now.
Riches are for spending.
He'll never beat me.
You'll sleep in the guestroom.
Those glasses suit you.
It looks like a fish bone got stuck in my throat.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher.
A sleeping child is like an angel.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
We lost a lot of time.
Nothing is as it seems.
How was the concert?
There is no God and no Buddha.
We all speak English.
I don't believe that black cats cause bad luck.
I don't understand this poem.
Who's coming with me?
He attempted suicide.
Thanks for the explanation.
I understand your language.
What are you worried about?
I like foreign languages.
Get up.
I’ve started learning Esperanto.
That's my final answer.
Recently, there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam.
A miracle is an event described by those to whom it was told by people who did not see it.
I'm thinking about visiting my friend next year.
Japanese are Asians.
There's a rock in my shoe.
There are fifty stars on the American flag.
I had an accident.
The universe was born more than 12 billion years ago.
I'll see you tomorrow at the library.
It's only a matter of time.
We're gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the American people for their own short-term gain.
We need to invest in clean, renewable energy.
I thought that he was angry.
She dreamt a strange dream.
There was nobody.
What should I feed my dog?
How often should I feed my dog?
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
I have never fed my dog a banana.
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
She is the one who feeds our dog.
The coat doesn't have any pockets.
I often catch colds in the winter.
Shall we meet tomorrow?
My shoulder hurts.
Iceland has many volcanoes.
She is addicted to Farmville.
"Do you want to buy it? ""Yes."""
Her behavior isn't normal for a young girl.
Her hair was long enough to reach the floor.
What kind of logic is this: if it is not yours, it must be mine?
The train will depart soon.
Is there another word for synonym?
I'm still undecided.
The previous sentence is true.
The child drew a spherical triangle.
It is not death that I fear, but dying.
The computer is to her left.
Her new husband turned out to be a bad person.
Please telephone him.
Please phone him.
Please call him.
I like playing basketball.
Do you mind if I open the door?
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
There is an urgent need for qualified teachers.
There is an urgent need for water.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
I think it's time for me to change jobs.
Akiji is a soldier turned teacher.
He comes from Genoa.
What is the distance between New York and London?
Muiriel is very good at telling invented stories.
I have a passport.
Is the chairman going to resign?
Run!
You haven't got the balls to translate this sentence.
Dry wood burns well.
What's your favorite book?
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
What's your favorite Christmas song?
What's your favorite city in the United States?
What's your favorite color for carpets?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite dessert?
What's your favorite drink in the summer?
What's your favorite drink?
What's your favorite fruit?
What's your favorite game?
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
What's your favorite joke?
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?
What's your favorite podcast?
What's your favorite radio station?
What's your favorite tongue twister?
What's your favorite toothpaste?
What's your favorite wine?
What's your favorite word?
What's your favorite font?
What's your favorite kind of candy?
What's your favorite war movie?
Kids, listen!
She left with her friends.
He hates running.
The observation of gravitational waves will start a new phase in the study of the universe.
Who's your favorite TV star?
Who's your favorite DJ?
Who's your favorite pianist?
Who's your favorite super hero?
Who's your favorite writer?
I really hate dairy products.
We made a huge mistake.
Let's talk shop for a while.
My wife loves apple pie.
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
You should spend more time outside and less time inside.
Many of the world's seven thousand or so languages are spoken only by handfuls of living people and are in danger of extinction.
I forgot it in the garage.
Do you know what time they came?
My daughter likes to play with dolls.
This can't be!
I'm going to brush my teeth.
Elves are Santa's little helpers.
There's no place like home.
He is lying.
He's lying.
He can speak just a little English.
It's never too late to learn.
Do you have any complaints?
How are you all?
What does he say?
What do you think?
She shook her head.
Where is your sister?
I can recall nothing worse.
I hope he will overlook it.
How do you write your last name?
How do you spell your last name?
Thanks for the meal.
I love green peppers.
He is the enfant terrible of Hollywood.
He lives all alone in the woods.
I fucking don't know how to translate this sentence, translate it yourself, everybody deal with their own shit.
Who is your lawyer?
I need to renew my ID card.
It's worth a fortune.
I love coffee.
They love coffee.
We love coffee.
You love coffee.
He loves coffee.
She loves coffee.
That's not my thing.
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Tom did not know their names.
The actress is learning her lines.
The actress is learning her part.
Luke, I am your son.
But it smells strange.
Magdalena is interested in geography.
I will marry a beautiful Estonian woman.
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
She is drunk with happiness.
Poland is a big country.
Happiness can't be bought.
Fashion is not my specialty.
Appearances often are deceiving.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
She doesn't have any siblings.
Impossible.
I would like a cup of coffee.
Got milk?
I didn't understand what you said.
I can pick you up from work if you want me to.
Girls are girls and boys are boys.
Some boys at school make fun of me.
Yes, I love it.
Without your help, I would have drowned.
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
How much is this?
It is too expensive.
There's a mistake in the bill.
Sometimes to correct is harder than to write.
I'm flattered.
I am fine, thank you.
I have lost my friends.
Tennis is my preferred sport.
I'm a womaniser.
He's a philanderer.
You have no taste.
My mother's feeling better.
This article makes fun of vegetarians.
Today I studied Chinese for two hours.
I'm better than him.
I've made a discovery.
They're going to kill me.
The job is almost finished.
It's an inside joke.
Can someone who does not know the meaning of black really talk about what white is?
We play soccer every Saturday.
Who's your teacher?
Our soccer team has a good defense.
I often think about my deceased mother.
He didn't come to school yesterday.
It scares me.
Innsbruck, I must leave you.
Can it be that the white horse is not a horse?
Bring him to me.
You know who she is?
Does this dress look good on me?
He's in the other truck.
Without the sun there is no life!
It's so easy to write good example sentences, that even if we accidentally delete a few good sentences in the process of getting rid of a whole lot of bad ones, I think we could drastically improve the quality of this corpus by doing a lot of deleting.
It's already dark outside.
My daughter went to school.
Tom's explanation was too complicated.
Your Esperanto is very good, congratulations!
Have you chosen a topic?
Bilingual dictionaries are allowed.
I'm too young to die!
I study once in a blue moon.
My son is ten years old.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn't take a bath.
It's time to sleep.
I hate mosquitoes.
Dying is not the opposite of living: we spend our life living while we don't spend our death dying.
I'm the mother of a son of a bitch.
"I wonder if my mother is hiding something from me. She called me a ""son of a bitch"" today."
I need to get my oboe repaired.
Problem solved!
You speak.
She saw this film ONLY once.
She got dressed and went outside.
He got dressed and went outside.
He intends to buy a new bicycle.
Be my guests!
It's easier to teach children than adults.
Yesterday I received a letter from an old friend.
Click to edit!
I did this for you.
The woman is naked.
Be kind to others.
You're wanted on the telephone.
Do you prefer using sanitary napkins or tampons?
Once we are dead, we are no longer dying.
When will we arrive in Tokyo?
I don't get why not all girls are lesbians.
I don't get why girls aren't all lesbians.
Had I taken that plane, I would be dead by now.
The locals are very hospitable.
Who are those people?
There was a cat on the table.
I was often there.
He was more loyal than I had guessed.
I want another beer.
Hooray!
Even my grandma can send an SMS.
She talked a lot.
This hat cost ten dollars.
They're crazy, these Romans!
Two times seven is fourteen.
The heart serves to pump blood.
Marie is a naive student.
A dog chased a cat.
I am being paranoid, aren't I?
Drink the medicine.
The bridge was built within two years.
"There are no English sentences on Tatoeba that contain the word ""Lego""."
Mary takes after her mother.
I don't want to go to Italy.
Each evening, a nightingale sang for us.
The most beautiful girls are from Lithuania.
I dream of going to Lithuania and living there.
I've got a big dick!
I've got a big cock!
This is my email address.
Here's my email address.
I went to Paris.
Maja Keuc is a good singer.
Do you speak Swahili?
She is one of my friends.
I'm flabbergasted.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
My nose is bleeding.
Her nose is bleeding.
His nose is bleeding.
A wolf cannot be tamed.
I discovered a very nice place today.
Where did you learn French?
I tossed my dog onto my bed.
This sentence is going to be translated.
Don't read this sentence.
I know them all.
The ship is unsellable.
I still don't know that.
Who are you all?
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
A bunch of people were standing outside waiting.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
A gun might come in handy.
A lot of people are dealing with allergies now.
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
All four of the boys didn't have alibis.
All we can do is wait for the police to arrive.
Am I boring you?
Am I under arrest?
Are you a creature of habit?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you an only child?
Are you excited?
Are you going to be OK?
Are you gonna help me or what?
Are you OK?
Are you on Facebook?
Are you seriously thinking about divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about quitting your job?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this on eBay?
Are you still in love with your wife?
Are you sure that you want to go there?
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
Can you remember the first word you learned in English?
Circumstances have changed.
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Did you say something?
Do I curse too much?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you feel like eating?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a tattoo?
Do you have a Twitter account?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Do you have any tattoos?
Do you know anyone who hums while they work?
Do you like cooking?
Do you like surfing?
Do you need a lift?
Do you often listen to audiobooks?
Do you talk to your dog?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm fat?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm to blame?
Do you think I'm too tall?
Do you think I'm ugly?
Do you think I'm wasting my time?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Don't add too much salt.
Don't cry.
Don't cry. Everything will be OK.
Everything's going to be OK.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
Giving up isn't the answer.
Have you eaten dinner?
Have you eaten?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Have you ever seen a car accident?
Have you told anyone about this problem?
How is your dad?
How long do I have to wait?
How many audiobooks do you have on your iPod?
How many audiobooks do you have on your mobile MP3 player?
How was your day?
How was your summer?
I ate too much.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
I can't keep doing this.
I can't tell you everything.
I can't tell you exactly how long it will take.
I didn't eat dinner last night.
I didn't eat everything that she served me.
I didn't hear you come in.
I don't care what she eats.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't usually eat red meat.
I don't want to eat here.
I drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night.
I grew up eating Japanese food.
I hate jealous women.
I have to go to work.
I hear that he eats frogs.
I like the way you look.
I like the way you sing.
I like the way you talk.
I like to be spontaneous.
I love Italian food.
I met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life.
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I never imagined he'd do that to me.
I never imagined we'd end up like this.
I never miss the opportunity to eat Italian food.
I never thought it'd be this hard to create an iPad app.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
I plan to leave Boston as soon as I can.
I promise you I'll come early.
I promise you I'll help you.
I seldom eat dairy products.
I shouldn't have done that.
I shouldn't have sold my car.
"I shouldn't have used the word ""password"" as my password."
I think it's highly unlikely that I'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
I think it's unhealthy to eat more than 20 oranges a day.
I think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
I think that we should try again.
I think you should change your eating habits.
I thought doing this would be easy.
I used to be fat.
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I wonder if it really was a coincidence.
I wonder if something has happened.
I wonder what it feels like to be rich.
I would do anything for you.
I'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned.
I'm faithful to my wife.
I'm falling in love with you.
I'm getting married.
I'm in no hurry.
I'm really in love with you.
I'm so excited.
I'm so sorry.
I've got really good news.
I've made up my mind to learn how to play the harp.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
Is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health?
Is eating fish good for you?
Let me finish eating my sandwich.
Let's hit the town tonight and have some fun.
Let's hope that doesn't happen.
Make a wish.
My dog ate my homework.
My sister's getting married.
She told me that she loved me.
She's eating for two.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Someone is lying.
Thank you for listening.
That's not interesting.
That's not possible.
That's not true.
The flame went out.
The game is over.
There is a museum just north of the zoo.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
There's nothing to be scared of.
This camera is very expensive.
Was that you on TV last night?
We had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money.
What am I supposed to do?
What can I do to help you?
What do they want us to do?
What does that mean?
What does USB stand for?
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
What foods do you avoid eating?
What foods should a diabetic not eat?
What kind of information are you looking for?
What kind of person would do that kind of thing?
What was that sound?
What're you doing today?
Where did you find your key?
Why did Adam eat the forbidden fruit?
Why didn't she tell me?
Why don't we just reformat the hard disk? You've been having a lot of trouble with it.
You can't eat here.
You look amazing.
You look European.
You look Japanese.
You may stay here for the night, but you'll have to leave in the morning.
You're really a good cook.
Trust me.
The book's white.
You're not a child anymore.
It's very difficult to translate this word.
The plants suffered damage from the frost.
This is a crazy house.
This is my house.
Tomorrow's a holiday.
Human stupidity is endless, I say, and for this self-criticism, I consider myself an exception.
Welcome to Tatoeba, tequila, sex and marijuana.
The man is naked.
He wants to kiss her.
I can't fly.
We love picnics.
I'm 25 years old.
In this next slide we see an aerial shot of the company headquarters.
Play me some Chopin.
We've got plenty of time.
I wasn't feeling very well.
That's simple.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
I'm drunk.
He fell into a deep slumber.
I've got a few friends.
I didn't want that.
Yes, I'm in a hurry.
I let him spend the night in my house.
Gold's heavier than iron.
Maybe you're right, after all.
The farmer ploughed his field all day.
I don't speak Spanish.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienna for the second time.
Please correct the errors.
I want to know your opinion.
I want to go to Japan.
Remember this!
It was a good idea to create Tatoeba.
No one likes war.
John is at the airport.
Let's meet on Tuesday.
Only Naoko drinks coffee.
Translating this sentence will be very easy.
Translating this text will be very easy.
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
What do you want to eat this weekend?
I wanted to go to China.
Mom is making a cake.
I will probably get up early tomorrow.
It's a misunderstanding.
Is everything ready?
Manuela's dresses are very elegant.
He made up his mind quickly.
There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.
I take that as a compliment.
I'm thinking of learning Korean next semester.
There are many more yuan millionaires in the world than euro millionaires.
This is the fastest car in our showroom.
Where's the nearest museum at?
Don't drink too much, okay?
Let's have a look.
The file is corrupt.
I think that it's you.
I swim almost every day.
I have the key of Paradise.
She's worrying for your safety.
This book's new.
She's rich but miserable.
When you start to look like the photo in your passport, it's time to go on vacation.
There was a heavy rain yesterday.
I'm so tired!
My father left me a large inheritance.
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
That house is the place where I was born.
He is a hero.
Come back home.
I switched to Google Chrome and it worked.
This CD belongs to my son.
I could not come to your birthday party.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see even nonexistent things.
A TXT file is a text file.
I have nothing to lose.
I won't lose anything.
I love music, particularly classical.
Stop pretending to not understand.
I've got two brothers and a sister.
Don't you think that all our politicians are too old?
I didn't say my last word!
That's the law.
Yesterday, I bought a book.
The dog bit my hand.
My father's in the garden.
Tom is not as young as I am.
You might be right.
The train station will be closed from tomorrow.
One's new. The other's old.
I never said that!
Would you mind speaking a little louder?
I handed him a map.
We have always been friends.
When he came, I was writing a letter.
I am learning Japanese.
I'm learning Basque.
I have no idea what that guy is thinking.
What will we become?
Where's the loo?
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
I'll keep it in mind.
It's a question of life or death.
Will you come with me to the concert?
His youngest son is five years old.
It is still too early.
The blue roses are very beautiful.
She's my godmother.
Do you like strawberries?
Are you alright?
Zucchinis are green.
Don't be a wuss!
I don't want to hurt her.
This is a horse.
Do you know her father?
This dog is mine.
Could you bring us the bill, please?
How are your parents?
You're such an idiot!
How many times a week do you take a bath?
He knows everything.
She knows everything about cooking.
You can use my dictionary.
Berlin is a German city.
Context is important.
Today is my birthday.
I'm still thirsty.
I'll make some coffee.
I put some milk in my coffee.
He put milk in his coffee.
There's no film in this camera.
I'm sorry that you can't come this evening.
I teach kids from nought to five years old.
Champagne, please.
Please come here.
Summer isn't over yet!
The fight continues!
I've heard of him, but I don't know him personally.
I read the book.
Learning Korean is difficult.
Why did you buy the flowers?
I'm in Portugal.
I want to buy a new car.
You'd better not eat that cake!
What she said is wrong.
Grammar is very complicated.
There wasn't much traffic.
It's not OK to smoke here.
We are very similar.
Poverty is the root of all evil.
We have a lot to do.
I often travel.
Have you already read this book?
He invited me to the party.
He spoke in a broken English that was hard to understand.
I'm developing an Android application.
I have no sisters.
Do you by any chance have some aspirin?
I've got a provisional licence.
He died recently.
He speaks ten languages.
Knowledge of foreign languages is useful for everyone.
It rained for days.
I really like these stories.
It's not a toy!
There's no smoke without fire.
Everything is expensive here.
I'll spare you the details.
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
I'm still sleepy.
Milk? Sugar?
Gold doesn't rust.
You need to stop drinking.
You need to stop smoking.
Do you plan to work until 10:00?
I'm going to make some coffee. Would you like some, too?
When will your book be published?
I don't drink coffee.
Does doing things in this way have a benefit?
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born in Corsica.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born on Corsica.
Don't you know how?
I am lesbian.
My father is a skilled fisherman.
Look what she brought me for my birthday!
All I have is a book.
That is my book.
I drink coffee.
How can I ever forgive myself?
It's a dreary place.
I feel queasy.
Is it Tuesday already?
The cat is eating.
I read books.
I'm reading this book.
Some people seem to agree with you.
Mum, where's Dad?
Can I stay here tonight?
Did you understand me?
She speaks loudly.
Where am I from?
We're a married couple.
Not really.
I'm smarter than you.
He is better than me at math.
I want to buy ski boots.
This CD is my son's.
Everyone knows that she has done everything she could for her children.
She put the key in her bag.
My laptop is running Linux.
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution.
I hate the world because the world hates me.
On a good day, you can see the coast of Estonia from Helsinki.
People are afraid of war.
Do you like Moscow?
I made this doghouse by myself.
What does this symbol here mean?
I own some very old stamps.
I traveled to Italy last summer.
We are living in the atomic age.
That dog doesn't bite.
This president has written his memoirs.
You must be polite.
Bananas are energizing.
Come as fast as you can.
I have to sleep.
He's strange sometimes.
You really annoy me.
Where is the logic in that?
She thought of a good way to make money on the Internet.
Strange.
I'm waiting for Godot.
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
All beginnings are difficult.
I support the proposal.
I like trains.
He was sitting and reading a book.
I opened the box. It was empty.
I don't have time now.
What are you doing tomorrow?
We're even.
We ran out of petrol.
Watch out! There's a speed camera.
I often hiccup.
What is wrong with me?
Do you have a Facebook account?
I don't have a TV at my place.
I'm Finnish.
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
We shall try to answer the following questions.
If the shop is closed today, I'll try again tomorrow.
I stopped smoking completely 3 months ago.
That's why he lost his job.
The Swiss Franc is soaring.
I don't like your name.
He considers himself a guardian of moral standards.
I'm an American citizen.
I speak English every day.
Who are you working for?
America isn't a country, it's a continent.
My father quit drinking.
There's still much to do.
She suffers from a contagious disease.
He behaves like a child.
That is a pure waste of time.
America is a continent of immigration.
Africa is a continent of migration.
He's a historian.
Do you know anything about your family?
We had some chicken soup.
Don't all speak at the same time.
What you say makes no sense.
She never wears green.
We travelled all over the country.
He is a mathematical genius.
I like the green colour.
Can you find her?
He is studying history at the university.
My best friend is in Rome now.
Let me die.
The Internet is serious business.
Good job!
Google is my teacher.
She writes to her son every so often.
I've cancelled the newspaper subscription.
I have appendicitis.
Why is the table so wobbly?
How can I access the printer?
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
I'm gay.
My trousers are wet.
I want him to leave.
Do you wish to go?
I'm very fat.
Our destination is still a long way off.
You'd better not tell Tom.
You'd better not argue with Tom.
Who killed Tom?
What happened to Tom?
Tom's younger daughter is married.
Tom's response was immediate.
Tom's not breathing.
Tom's mother is a very good cook.
Tom's house is easy to find.
Tom's family lives in Boston.
Tom's face is red.
Tom's company imports coffee from Brazil.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom won't go alone.
Tom will be here any minute now.
Tom will be back home soon.
Tom will be absent today because he has a cold.
Tom went to school to learn how to tune pianos.
Tom went bonkers.
Tom wasn't afraid of death.
Tom wasn't able to swim.
Tom was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom was the last to arrive.
Tom was really mad.
Tom was lucky.
Tom was here just a moment ago.
Tom was found guilty.
Tom was forced to resign.
Tom was executed.
Tom was detained by the police.
Tom was born in Boston.
Tom was afraid to cross the road.
Tom wants to live in the country after he retires.
Tom wanted to become a lawyer.
Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom tied his dog to a tree.
Tom takes a bath at least three times a week.
Tom spent a week in Boston.
Tom speaks French better than I do.
Tom should be back before 2:30.
Tom says that he's tired.
Tom says that he never dreams.
Tom says that he detests war.
Tom says he eats more when he's sad.
Tom said that he feels like going out.
Tom regularly eats sushi with his mother.
Tom regrets what he did.
Tom refused to give up.
Tom ran out of the room.
Tom quit smoking.
Tom prepared dinner by himself.
Tom prefers speaking French.
Tom plays the vibraphone exceptionally well.
Tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
Tom often watches TV while eating dinner.
Tom never makes his bed.
Tom never drinks beer at home.
Tom needs a sharp knife.
Tom moved to Boston three years ago.
Tom may come and visit me any time he wants to.
Tom made many mistakes.
Tom loves singing.
Tom loves fishing.
Tom loves being outdoors.
Tom lost his memory.
Tom looks very happy.
Tom looks tired.
Tom looks strong.
Tom looks sad.
Tom looked happy.
Tom likes watching TV in the evening.
Tom likes Boston better than any other place he's lived.
Tom left three days ago.
Tom left the door unlocked.
Tom left the door open.
Tom learned to swim last summer.
Tom learned French while living in Quebec.
Tom knows who killed his dog.
Tom knows some French.
Tom knows a shortcut.
Tom knew where to go.
Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.
Tom isn't tall.
Tom isn't stupid.
Tom isn't married.
Tom isn't here.
Tom isn't good at math.
Tom isn't feeling well.
Tom isn't as young as I am.
Tom isn't as young as he looks.
Tom isn't as old as he looks.
Tom isn't as good at French as he thinks he is.
Tom isn't afraid of anything.
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.
Tom isn't a Japanese citizen.
Tom isn't a good cook.
Tom is very smart.
Tom is very handsome.
Tom is unsociable.
Tom is trying to learn French.
Tom is thirty years old.
Tom is the right man for the job.
Tom is the only person who can help me.
Tom is the most influential man in Boston.
Tom is the father of three children.
Tom is the black sheep of his family.
Tom is tall.
Tom is taking a bath now.
Tom is studying French.
Tom is still too young to drink beer.
Tom is still just as handsome as he used to be.
Tom is smart.
Tom is sick.
Tom is right-handed.
Tom is rarely late.
Tom is quiet.
Tom is poor.
Tom is patient.
Tom is out of his mind.
Tom is one of the few people I can trust.
Tom is on the baseball team.
Tom is often absent from school.
Tom is much older than he looks.
Tom is lying on the sofa watching TV.
Tom is looking forward to Christmas.
Tom is looking for his glasses.
Tom is looking for a reasonably-priced used car.
Tom is living in Boston.
Tom is learning French.
Tom is lazy.
Tom is interested in French literature.
Tom is interested in French history.
Tom is intelligent.
Tom is in prison.
Tom is in need of help.
Tom is happy.
Tom is good at speaking French.
Tom is from Boston.
Tom is easy to get along with.
Tom is eager to live in Boston.
Tom is close to thirty.
Tom is blind in one eye.
Tom is bald.
Tom is ambidextrous.
Tom is allergic to peanuts.
Tom is afraid of heights.
Tom is a workaholic.
Tom is a very smart boy.
Tom is a very good friend.
Tom is a very careful driver.
Tom is a thief.
Tom is a slow walker.
Tom is a scientist.
Tom is a Muslim.
Tom is a househusband.
Tom is a handsome man.
Tom is a good student.
Tom is a good friend of mine.
Tom is a detective.
Tom intends to stay in Boston for three days.
Tom intends to become a journalist.
Tom helped his son get dressed.
Tom has written three books.
Tom has to go even if it rains.
Tom has to follow our rules.
Tom has three sons.
Tom has three older brothers.
Tom has three million dollars in the bank.
Tom has three ex-wives.
Tom has three dogs.
Tom has three daughters.
Tom has three children.
Tom has three cats.
Tom has three cars.
Tom has three brothers.
Tom has short hair.
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has never had much money.
Tom has lost a lot of weight recently.
Tom has just finished washing dishes.
Tom has his own bedroom.
Tom has changed a lot since then.
Tom has brown hair.
Tom has an aunt who is in prison.
Tom has already gone to bed.
Tom has a tendency to exaggerate.
Tom has a strong sense of responsibility.
Tom has a nice smile.
Tom has a lot to learn.
Tom has a lot of money.
Tom has a lot of money in the bank.
Tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian.
Tom has a friend who lives in Boston.
Tom has a big mouth.
Tom has a big house.
Tom has a big family.
Tom has a bad cold.
Tom had only one leg.
Tom had no time to finish the story.
Tom had his wallet stolen while he was in Boston.
Tom had every right to be angry.
Tom had difficulty learning French.
Tom had a lot of fun at the party.
Tom got nervous.
Tom got his hair cut.
Tom goes to school five days a week.
Tom goes to school by bicycle.
Tom gets up early in the morning.
Tom forgot to do his homework.
Tom finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
Tom felt weak.
Tom felt uneasy.
Tom felt tired.
Tom felt sick.
Tom felt sad.
Tom felt lonely.
Tom felt hungry.
Tom felt humiliated.
Tom felt happy.
Tom felt cold.
Tom eats like a pig.
Tom drives too fast.
Tom drives me crazy.
Tom drinks too much.
Tom dreams of becoming a millionaire.
Tom drank a cup of coffee.
Tom doesn't want to work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to wait that long.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go to school today.
Tom doesn't want to go out.
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.
Tom doesn't understand this.
Tom doesn't understand French.
Tom doesn't think it's his fault.
Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom doesn't speak French at home.
Tom doesn't smoke.
Tom doesn't sing very well.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his key.
Tom doesn't remember my name.
Tom doesn't remember having said that.
Tom doesn't read books in French.
Tom doesn't put sugar in his coffee.
Tom doesn't live in Boston yet.
Tom doesn't like to travel.
Tom doesn't like poker very much.
Tom doesn't like poker at all.
Tom doesn't like my friends.
Tom doesn't like my dog.
Tom doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't like cats.
Tom doesn't like beef.
Tom doesn't know who to ask.
Tom doesn't know who I am.
Tom doesn't know where to go.
Tom doesn't know what time it is.
Tom doesn't know what happened.
Tom doesn't know the whole story.
Tom doesn't know my name.
Tom doesn't know much about Indonesia.
Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Tom doesn't know French.
Tom doesn't have any enemies.
Tom doesn't have a TV at home.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't have a cat.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
Tom doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't drink.
Tom doesn't drink coffee.
Tom doesn't drink beer.
Tom disappointed me.
Tom died yesterday.
Tom died with a knife in his back.
Tom died when he was 97.
Tom didn't work last Monday.
Tom didn't see anything.
Tom didn't say anything.
Tom didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't know that.
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.
Tom didn't have much money.
Tom didn't have enough money.
Tom didn't feel like playing golf.
Tom didn't die in vain.
Tom didn't come to school yesterday.
Tom did twenty pushups.
Tom did it on purpose.
Tom did a good job.
Tom deserves a promotion.
Tom dealt the cards.
Tom cried all night.
Tom couldn't find anyone to dance with.
Tom couldn't be happier.
Tom cooked dinner.
Tom complained about the room being too small.
Tom comes from Boston.
Tom closed his eyes.
Tom changes his mind a lot.
Tom caught a big fish.
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.
Tom can't swim.
Tom can't see anything without his glasses.
Tom can't play tennis very well.
Tom can't afford to send his children to college.
Tom can swim, can't he?
Tom can cook.
Tom called me from Boston.
Tom burst out laughing.
Tom bought a camera yesterday.
Tom bought a camera for me.
Tom bought a book about cameras.
Tom blushed.
Tom began talking.
Tom became an engineer.
Tom became a doctor.
Tom ate quickly.
Tom arrived in time.
Tom appeared from out of nowhere.
Tom almost drowned.
Tom almost died.
This is Tom's dog.
This camera is Tom's.
These shoes belong to Tom.
The dictionary on the desk is Tom's.
Perhaps Tom can solve this problem.
I've seen Tom on TV many times.
I think Tom will never become famous.
Get Tom to help you.
Do you think Tom is guilty?
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but she didn't read it.
Tom went with Mary to the museum.
Tom went with Mary to Boston.
Tom watched Mary dance.
Tom was disappointed in Mary's performance.
Tom was able to help Mary.
Tom wants to be with Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
Tom told Mary that he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom threw Mary the ball.
Tom threatened Mary.
Tom terrified Mary.
Tom teased Mary.
Tom taught Mary how to bake bread.
Tom still loves Mary.
Tom slapped Mary.
Tom shouldn't make fun of Mary.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary.
Tom shouldn't have borrowed Mary's car.
Tom should have apologized to Mary.
Tom said Mary would come.
Tom poured Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom pointed at Mary.
Tom often talks with Mary.
Tom often helps Mary.
Tom never liked Mary.
Tom never agrees with Mary.
Tom made Mary happy.
Tom made Mary cry.
Tom loves Mary, but she doesn't love him.
Tom lives on a farm with his wife, Mary, not too far from Boston.
Tom laughed at Mary.
Tom knows the man Mary came with.
Tom knows Mary's dog's name.
Tom knows exactly how Mary feels.
Tom knew that Mary was rich.
Tom knew that Mary loved him.
Tom kissed Mary.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.
Tom killed Mary.
Tom kicked Mary.
Tom kept Mary waiting for three hours.
Tom isn't Mary's cousin.
Tom isn't Mary's brother. He's her cousin.
Tom is older than Mary.
Tom is Mary's teacher.
Tom is Mary's husband's best friend.
Tom is Mary's brother.
Tom is Mary's brother, not her father.
Tom is Mary's best friend.
Tom is married to Mary.
Tom is looking for Mary.
Tom insulted Mary.
Tom ignored Mary's advice.
Tom ignored Mary.
Tom hugged Mary.
Tom helped Mary carry her suitcases.
Tom hates Mary.
Tom has just finished writing a letter to Mary.
Tom has confidence in Mary.
Tom has been dating Mary for about three years.
Tom has a high opinion of Mary.
Tom had lunch with Mary.
Tom got engaged to Mary.
Tom fell in love with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address yet.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary weighs.
Tom divorced Mary.
Tom discussed the problem with Mary.
Tom disappointed Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary his secret.
Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom didn't know when Mary had come to Boston.
Tom despises Mary.
Tom despised Mary.
Tom couldn't think what he should give Mary for Christmas.
Tom convinced Mary that it wasn't his fault.
Tom contacted Mary.
Tom challenged Mary to a game of chess.
Tom can't turn Mary down.
Tom can't speak French. Mary can't speak French either.
Tom can't say for sure how many times Mary has been to Boston.
Tom can't forget Mary.
Tom can speak French almost as well as Mary.
Tom called Mary.
Tom called Mary up from the airport.
Tom bought a camera for Mary.
Tom believes that Mary is innocent.
Tom asked Mary why she was smiling.
Tom asked Mary where the dog was.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him in front of the library.
Tom asked Mary several questions.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Boston.
Tom and Mary got married three years ago.
Tom and Mary detest each other.
Tom and Mary decided to get married.
Tom and Mary agreed on a price.
Tom and Mary adopted three children.
Mary is Tom's younger sister.
Mary is Tom's wife.
Mary is Tom's sister.
Mary is Tom's older sister.
Mary is Tom's mother.
Mary is Tom's daughter.
Mary is Tom's cousin.
Mary is a single mom.
Mary helped Tom.
Does Tom like Mary?
Tom told Mary not to wait for John.
Tom told Mary not to swim with John.
Tom forgot to tell Mary that John had called.
Tom and Mary attempted to murder John.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
The pike is not yet struck.
CouchSurfing is like speaking Esperanto, it's a dream coming true: the global village.
The tree stopped growing.
You've got a vivid imagination!
Leave the door open.
Give me a little.
I didn't see anything.
Please give me a cup of coffee.
He's just like his grandfather.
Which do you like better, white wine or red wine?
I didn't use to like wine, but now I like it a lot.
Kinshasa is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo.
How can I solve this problem?
I can't find the hand net.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
The world is a dangerous place.
Please don't make noise.
I was very tired today.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
Come in!
Why aren't you listening to me?
I like your dress so much I wish there was an 'I like' button I could press.
She has a very good voice.
Do you want money?
The Tatoeba Project, which can be found online at tatoeba.org, is working on creating a large database of example sentences translated into many languages.
Red wine, please.
We need a plan.
The store was relatively empty.
Tomorrow's my day off.
That's not funny.
Let's give it a try.
And why not?
Let's go to a concert together.
I'm sorry for the late response.
Is there anyone who speaks English?
The concert wasn't very good.
So what's your problem?
What's Tom like?
Tom told Mary to be careful.
Tom doesn't always play by the rules.
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
You can't take it with you.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
We need a place to stay for the night.
Give me an apple.
My parents persuaded me not to travel alone.
She reads the newspaper every morning.
Stop it!
It cost me 10 dollars.
It's my book.
This milk tastes odd.
Life's not easy.
Tom's house is only three blocks away from here.
There is an error in this sentence.
There is a mistake in this sentence.
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.
Who did you talk to?
Who did you talk with?
Who did you speak with?
Close the fucking door!
I'm not a Nazi!
I'm going there now.
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
I'd like to kiss you.
Is your gun loaded?
I might be a few minutes late.
It snowed a lot.
We have a white cat.
I'm forty years old.
She has 2,000 books.
Staying at home is boring.
Tom was tired and in a bad mood.
He has queer ideas.
He has strange ideas.
A dog bit her leg.
Do you think English is difficult?
He seems absorbed in his work.
He always sings in the shower.
What an interesting book!
I'm slightly hungry.
I'm a little hungry.
This isn't money.
My friend's father is a famous novelist.
My daughter had a concussion.
May I take pictures here?
He is trustworthy.
I have two English books.
"Thanks. ""You're welcome."""
I like living here.
He's just arrived.
Winter is coming.
A cat is not a person.
Winter is coming soon.
It's totally dark outside.
Forty people were present.
The man left the restaurant without paying his bill.
He likes taking walks.
You're in Europe!
I can't imagine that.
Where is the school?
How many eggs were you able to get yesterday?
I'm going to the cinema.
The cost of living in Tokyo is very high.
The road is damaged.
I love cats.
Tom seems very happy.
My brother is a teacher.
The dog is bleeding.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
It's nine-thirty.
They have nothing to eat.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
Music is his passion.
I'm drinking a beer right now.
You killed my father.
You seem busy.
He cut the apple in half.
A child is not a mature person.
Creationism is bullshit.
I hate my mother-in-law.
I know a person who speaks Russian very well.
I don't understand your question.
This is my mom.
Climbing that mountain was a piece of cake.
It's second-hand.
I only asked if I could borrow the book.
I can't give you the answer today.
Where are the apples?
I wish there were more people like you.
We cannot afford it.
Be realistic!
This tea is too bitter.
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
It wasn't my fault.
Do you know this song?
She heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the good news.
What does this sentence mean?
Does this sentence make sense?
My heart is green and yellow.
I sleep naked.
Someone is knocking on the door.
There's almost no coffee left in the pot.
Why didn't you call me last night?
I have the best mom in the world!
I haven't washed my hair.
This tastes good.
How would you feel if your wife left you?
Do you know Tom well?
Are you awake?
Goodnight!
Do you speak Latin?
May I ask you a favour?
I didn't say it like that.
Why does everybody love cats?
My name is Sascha.
I can't agree with you.
I need medical assistance.
I'm waiting for my friend.
I am a good boy.
Germany is in the middle of Europe.
Our wheelie bin was stolen.
You've missed the boat.
They've missed the boat.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
Don't leave the TV on.
I have no appetite.
I have almost no appetite.
Take the medicine.
Don't make abrupt moves.
Have you eaten supper yet?
Dative spells the death of the genitive.
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.
Once upon a time, there was a cat whose name was Tango.
Tango lived with a small boy in a small village.
We are out of danger.
I'm too tired to drive.
I did my best.
Butterfly is a very nice word.
May I put it here?
We should always obey laws.
Would you lend me a pencil?
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
Money rules the world.
“Tom!” “Mary!”
He can't help you.
Frustrated at not being the exclusive object of her desires anymore, Tom demoted Mary.
Bert's bisexuality was troubling Tom and excited Mary.
My mother was crying.
I killed two birds with one stone.
I missed you so much!
I crossed the street.
Don't forget to close the door.
This makes me curious.
I was just taking a shower.
Isn't there a pharmacy nearby?
Muiriel is twenty years old.
Not all birds build nests.
Damn.
The hunter shot a fox.
She is teaching us French.
He has a headache.
This text is hard to read.
You have to stop drinking.
My father isn't at home.
The lawn needs to be watered.
The lemon is sour.
The piano is expensive.
You're pretty.
He misses his family very much.
Can you speak Chinese?
Fish gotta swim.
I'm reading the newspaper.
Laughing is the most effective antidote to bad temper.
Coffee or tea?
Education is the best antidote against violence.
I am truly sorry.
Where does this doodad go?
Language opens worlds.
This is the deepest lake in Japan.
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.
I owe him 1000 yen.
This is the end of the world as we know it.
I no longer love you.
I no longer like you.
Bears can climb trees.
These German translators are so unproductive, Tatoeba should delocalise production to Asia!
He left the room.
Explain it to me.
The German translators, always late, hadn't translated this sentence yet, and Tom and Mary worried as to whether they should go through another translation to reach the sentence in Lojban.
We trust him.
Good night, everyone!
They don't think therefore they aren't.
Today is Valentine's Day.
Your name? - Robot.
I love walking along the river.
I think it's possible.
I think that it's possible.
Finally, I found a job.
I graduated from the University of Kyoto.
Let's start translating!
I don't know them.
I'll watch it.
I will watch it.
These articles cannot be exchanged.
It looks familiar.
It sounds familiar.
I can't drink milk.
I was born in Russia.
Everything was better in the past.
I'll be back at six.
What's the time now?
I need your address in order to send you a present.
Elephants are an endangered species.
Hans is a German name.
Jacques is a Belgian name.
Natasha is a Russian name.
She still buys milk.
This was a lie.
She's not the kind of girl you think she is.
I will try again.
What is your nationality?
He looked pretty tired.
I'm very tired now.
Let's go on.
Are you looking for me?
You should try to be more like Tom.
Why does Tom always look so tired?
Why did you invite Tom to the party?
Why did Tom cancel his trip?
When was the last time you talked to Tom?
When was the last time you saw Tom?
What kind of books does Tom read?
What do you want me to tell Tom?
Tom's dog is a pretty good swimmer.
Tom's bedroom door was closed.
Tom wrung out the towel.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary.
Tom went straight to bed.
Tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom was humiliated.
Tom wants to see you.
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.
Tom wants Mary to meet his mother.
Tom wanted revenge.
Tom waited for more than an hour.
Tom took the hook out of the fish's mouth.
Tom took off his hat.
Tom took a cold shower.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom thinks this price is reasonable.
Tom thinks he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
Tom teaches us French.
Tom sounded exhausted.
Tom signed the contract.
Tom should be here within fifteen minutes.
Tom should be back here by 2:30.
Tom seems to have lost his key.
Tom saw that movie last summer.
Tom saw Mary waiting at the bus stop.
Tom refuses to take orders from Mary.
Tom pretended he had a gun.
Tom passed away last night.
Tom never sings in public.
Tom needed assistance.
Tom made the same mistake again.
Tom made no comment.
Tom loved his family very much.
Tom lost the bet.
Tom lost his wallet.
Tom lost his umbrella.
Tom lost his hearing.
Tom lost his glasses.
Tom lost his car key.
Tom lost a contact lens.
Tom lives in Boston.
Tom knows what he's talking about.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
Tom knew that the story wasn't true.
Tom kept Mary waiting for an hour.
Tom just doesn't know what to do.
Tom isn't so gullible.
Tom isn't at home.
Tom is teaching us French.
Tom is Mary's stepson.
Tom is Mary's stepfather.
Tom is honest and expects other people to be honest, too.
Tom is his own biggest enemy.
Tom is a nervous wreck.
Tom is a good neighbor.
Tom is a failure as a father.
Tom has what it takes to be a good teacher.
Tom has gone crazy.
Tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
Tom has changed a lot since high school.
Tom has been teaching us French for the past four years.
Tom has a very stressful job.
Tom has a sister named Mary.
Tom has a house with a pool.
Tom has a headache.
Tom got sick.
Tom got out of the bathtub.
Tom got lost.
Tom got burned.
Tom got angry.
Tom goes to Boston every once in a while.
Tom gets on my nerves.
Tom felt relieved.
Tom felt confused.
Tom fell down the stairs.
Tom feeds his dog twice a day.
Tom explained the project to Mary.
Tom even likes cold pizza.
Tom eats too much junk food.
Tom drives safely.
Tom drinks a lot.
Tom dried his face with a towel.
Tom dressed up as Santa Claus.
Tom drank too much.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go home.
Tom doesn't talk much.
Tom doesn't take his job very seriously.
Tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't remember his password.
Tom doesn't make much money.
Tom doesn't know where to begin.
Tom doesn't know what he'll do.
Tom doesn't even know I exist.
Tom doesn't drink much.
Tom does good work.
Tom disappeared.
Tom died of cancer.
Tom didn't want to work overtime on Christmas Eve.
Tom didn't understand the question.
Tom didn't understand a word Mary said.
Tom didn't say that.
Tom didn't really enjoy studying French.
Tom didn't marry Mary.
Tom didn't know what else to say.
Tom didn't know what else to do.
Tom didn't know that the bridge was closed.
Tom didn't know that Mary understood French.
Tom didn't know that Mary liked to cook.
Tom didn't know that he had a secret admirer.
Tom didn't have anything to say.
Tom didn't give up.
Tom didn't do anything wrong.
Tom didn't believe Mary.
Tom deserves admiration.
Tom deserved the punishment he got.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to take vitamins.
Tom cut the apple in half.
Tom currently lives with his uncle.
Tom couldn't forget Mary even if he wanted to.
Tom couldn't contain his anger.
Tom could barely walk.
Tom continued to study French for another three years.
Tom clearly doesn't understand French very well.
Tom cleared his throat.
Tom changed jobs.
Tom changed clothes.
Tom certainly won't get my vote.
Tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in Boston.
Tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it.
Tom certainly fooled us all.
Tom certainly didn't expect to win.
Tom can't swim very well yet.
Tom can't be that naive.
Tom can speak French fluently.
Tom can sleep anywhere.
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.
Tom called Mary a taxi.
Tom called a taxi for Mary.
Tom burned himself.
Tom bowed politely.
Tom bought his truck used.
Tom became popular.
Tom became nervous.
Tom became a father.
Tom beat Mary in tennis.
Tom and Mary speak to each other in English.
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary are really good friends.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything she reads on the Web.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking on crutches.
Mary is Tom's stepmother.
It's possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
It was already dark when Tom got home.
I'm looking for Tom. Have you seen him?
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it. However, some people think that Mary could do it, too.
You should eat more.
Would you like go out for a drink after work?
Where are you hurt?
We've been talking about you.
This coffee is undrinkable.
These apples are rotten.
There are still many things left to do.
The police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
It's so noisy here I can't hear myself think.
It'll take some time to get used to living here.
Is there something I can do for you?
I'm not all that drunk.
I'm having fun.
I'll be back.
I'd prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language.
I plan to throw all of this away. You may take whatever you like.
I hate the tie you're wearing.
I don't want to talk about it.
I can understand your point of view.
I can lend you some money if you like.
He wrote down all the details.
Do you have any plans for today?
Coming here was a mistake.
What are you eating?
The dog is beautiful.
My dog is fast.
You're what?
You are my father.
That is a boat.
That's a lemon tree.
That's a blue house.
I went to the market.
The market is big.
My name is John.
Are you Chinese?
The teacher is Chinese.
Those students are Korean.
I'm Korean.
I am Korean.
I am not Canadian.
I am not a businessperson.
I like China.
Do you like tea?
I really like China.
He likes tea.
I don't like tea.
Do you like school?
I am in Paris.
But where are we?
That's a tree.
I hope that you aren't afraid.
It costs 2 euros.
I ate.
I will eat.
Bananas are delicious.
This is me eating a banana.
I know that Lojban is good for you.
My computer is expensive.
He is Ramudu.
Read this.
Ramudu came.
Sita smiled.
Where is Mary?
Bring tea.
The teacher sits on the chair.
Come now.
His house is by the river.
His new movie is disappointing.
His wish was to go to America.
She was eager to go home.
What does he expect?
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
That school looks just like a prison.
Let's discuss that problem later.
I'm beginning to understand why Tom loves Boston.
I don't pretend to understand women.
I wrote the book.
I have two red fish.
I don't have a family.
Seiko doesn't have sisters.
Music is the greatest of the arts.
The fish can swim.
Jump!
I am.
I have two sisters and one brother.
Where is the bus?
Thank you for the gift.
You saved my life.
I can't tell a frog from a toad.
How much money do I owe you?
I can't sleep with all this noise.
I skipped breakfast.
I am 18 years old.
I do not love him anymore.
This telephone doesn't work.
There's a cat in my house.
He is fed up with my problems.
I am not kidding.
The event made him famous.
I took this picture a week ago.
Now we don't know what to do.
Monica does study a lot.
Why should we study economics?
Perhaps he missed the train.
Monica doesn't study a lot.
I'd like to drink something hot.
My Chinese isn't very good.
Do they have a computer?
I'm from Brazil.
It is my cat.
Why is she here?
I want to live in a castle.
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.
The first word of an English sentence should be capitalized.
The soup is too hot.
Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
Black cats are bad luck.
It's a perfect trap.
I want to kill somebody.
The cat is black.
The food is very bad.
We will meet again someday.
I'm on my way out.
He painted a dog.
Sometimes I forget to breathe.
My cat is wet.
We've only got one chance.
We did it!
It's over.
He was my friend.
He's a teetotaller.
Maybe they are happy.
There is no water in the well.
How many died?
See you tomorrow!
I'm not an idiot.
They are not coming today.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
This picture reminds me of when I was a student.
How many people died?
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
There are too many people in the park.
What are you here for?
I'll always love you.
He's not my father.
Men are pigs.
Times have changed.
You saved my ass.
Tom is very popular.
This isn't normal.
My father was a tree.
They were acting strangely.
I don't know his real name.
I don't know her real name.
Here's a photo of her.
I'm ready to go.
This is bad.
Sorry, I forgot.
I changed my mind.
See you there.
Why didn't you tell us about this sooner?
It's not easy to speak a foreign language.
I'm afraid of heights.
Happy birthday, Shishir!
Who is this guy?
Tom is an excellent cricket player.
I will kill you.
I don't fear death.
I'll love you always.
That's pretty impressive.
Hop in.
I'd hate to be in your shoes.
Why do you want to die?
We're on schedule.
We were right.
The virus is starting to mutate.
I'm being watched.
I shouldn't be laughing.
I'm scared.
He saved my life.
I didn't know you had a sister.
Are you deaf?
What is wrong with her?
I didn't hear him coming.
Are you sure about this?
Here I come.
Here she comes.
He told me everything.
We are victorious.
I have no future.
The door is locked.
She betrayed you.
Something's coming.
This is not a drill.
The water is hot.
My son is studying economics.
This water isn't drinkable.
Where do you live in Turkey?
It's two o'clock in the morning.
I had to go.
You have such beautiful eyes.
I still have things left to do.
I went to bed at ten yesterday.
Tomorrow I'll arrive on time.
Stab everyone.
I've always loved you.
We have plenty of time now.
Your lips are like roses.
He sacrificed everything for you.
They kidnapped me.
We're having fun.
I'm not crying.
I don't like books with more than five hundred pages.
The speaker is young.
Do you live in Turkey?
Write a report.
He is still having doubts.
Tom still doesn't live in Boston.
Tom knows nothing about Boston.
He speaks English better than me.
I'm not sure about it.
We must destroy the evidence.
He spends too much money.
What time does that restaurant close?
We're in a library.
This house is very small.
What do you think about the Japanese language?
Let's do it!
She helped her daughter get dressed.
The statue has no head.
They aren't putting on shoes.
These pencils are the same color.
These two shirts are made from the same material.
One boy is taller than the other.
These boxes are the same size.
These paintings are different sizes.
The container is full.
The container is empty.
Those two shirts are made from the same material.
Fall is finally coming!
This sentence is not in English.
Cook for me.
She is strong.
The man is right.
How deep is it?
You know English?
Please take me home.
How come you know English so well?
I have a grenade.
Let's hit the sack.
It's monkey meat.
Let's be friends.
There's no doubt that he's innocent.
We saw them leave.
It's not worth it.
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Do you see people in the park?
My cat barks.
It is possible that you have already read this book.
She likes birdwatching.
That has nothing to do with it.
Love sucks.
Do you drink wine?
Why do you study French?
I can't understand you.
You are very insensitive.
Get her out of here.
When's the wedding?
Do you have children already?
She's eating fruit.
You are good.
I am not too tired.
He isn't an American.
You are big.
You are important.
I eat.
Water is important.
I'm fat.
I eat fruit.
I'm fixing something.
The bug is thirsty.
I have a fruit.
They drove the adults crazy.
You remember it better than I do.
How is your family doing?
Is it a deer?
I'm in the house.
The sun is in the sky.
I woke you up.
I'm going to my house.
I like that.
I don't like that.
I like talking.
I caused an accident.
This is for my friend.
I've lost my keys.
I know how to do it.
They must really hate me.
Why are you afraid?
I'm a woman.
Is this Latin?
The translator said the translation would be ready by Monday.
I have eaten a whole cow.
I am an artist.
I'm an artist.
I'm a coward.
Does it work?
You're our only hope.
I knew this moment would come.
Do you know who sings that song?
There are many rats on the ship.
There are many rivers on that island.
Is he Japanese?
Is she Japanese?
There are a lot of fish in this lake.
Where are we going?
Nobody loves war.
Something's not right.
Whatever.
How did you enter my room?
The last letter is mine.
I can't exclude it.
I don't want to get married.
It wasn't a coincidence.
We'll have to deal with it.
Some photos were printed in black and white.
The translation of this sentence is a bad translation.
The nuns are singing.
I had a nosebleed today.
It's the voice of an old woman.
Put more salt in the soup.
He's not a doctor, but a nurse.
The parrot is dead.
I might be able to help.
I won't stop you.
Believe in yourself.
Is that your own idea?
I miss you too!
You're a serial killer.
Here are the rules.
Long story short, I was fired.
I drank too much beer yesterday.
There's not much to say.
Books fascinate me.
Are you home?
This bicycle is mine. Yours is over there.
Help me!
My sister is kind to children.
Can I use your phone?
I've lost.
I've lost my dignity.
Sun makes all the difference.
Please say hello to your parents for me.
The hero finally defeated the evil scientist.
My wife beats me.
I tried calling, but they didn't answer.
I need a little time.
She doesn't eat meat, does she?
We kissed each other.
Are you going to help us or not?
Give me back the TV remote.
I don't leave the doors open, because there are animals in my neighborhood.
We have a very serious problem.
He sat and listened to the radio.
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.
Cooking at home is healthier than eating out at a restaurant.
Fast food can be addictive.
I like your eyes!
Don't faint! Not until you sign the contract.
I'm drowning!
What goes up must come down.
Farewell!
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator.
I'm not hiding.
What's the next station?
I read a lot of modern authors.
Life isn't fair.
What was it like?
I eat with my hands.
Is Paris far away?
The doctor sent the live patient to the morgue.
The application allows you to quickly calculate the ratio of body mass index - BMI.
The result is calculated according to the general table created by the World Health Organization (WHO), and is the same for males and females, regardless of age.
BMI categories (underweight, overweight or obese) from general reading table are inappropriate for athletes, children, the elderly, and the infirm.
To change the units from metric to imperial and vice versa, the 'menu' button must be clicked.
Any comments are welcome.
Now it's his turn.
Now it's her turn.
You're German, aren't you?
This is my old bike.
Business is business!
I study psychology.
Ready for November?
I'll introduce you to my brother.
Are you saying that I don't have a brain?
Tofu goes well with sake.
He's the black sheep of the family.
The sword can be used to protect the body.
The coffee is bitter.
I wasn't drunk.
My home is your home.
The capital city of Serbia is Belgrade.
Nobody lives forever.
How can I change your mind?
What are my grandparents doing?
I don't consider my myopia as an impediment.
The thief ran quickly.
Which browser are you using?
I'll give you a letter for your doctor.
Your death is my life.
There's food in the fridge.
Failure to observe these regulations will result in penalties.
Mom is always right.
He seems young, but he's actually over 40 years old.
It's a detail.
The second lesson is very easy.
I hate Sundays.
Suddenly, it looks bigger.
I am very sad.
Roulette is a game of chance.
I'm not hungry right now.
When are you coming to Melbourne again?
There is no solution.
I am better than you.
I eat fruit and drink water.
This box is too heavy for me to carry.
This box is very heavy, so I can't carry it.
There are many cockroaches in the kitchen.
Is his father alive?
I never dream. Is that normal?
Come and look at this!
Pass me the ketchup, please.
Why are you giving me money? That's not normal.
Do you want a glass of soda?
My grandmother cannot see.
Don't touch that book.
I say Paul's book will be read.
The contract has been concluded.
I think my girlfriend is kind of cute.
You are the most important person in my life.
Would you mind if I drank the rest of the milk?
Where did you go?
What makes you happy?
What are you saying?
This is the book I want to read.
That's a relief.
Please don't die.
May I ask you to help me with something?
Let's get married.
Let's get divorced.
Let's dance.
It's time for a break.
It's almost time.
It would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains.
I was really very happy.
I think you should swim.
I need your cooperation.
I need to go to work.
I need to go eat something.
I have some good news to share.
I have many friends I can talk to.
I have a lot of questions.
I feel much better now.
I don't want to go back there.
I can't drink this stuff.
How was your trip?
Did you forget something?
I was fired.
Where do you think Tom is?
What scared Tom the most was the thought that he might not be able to walk again.
Tom wrote the report.
Tom worries too much.
Tom won't let you go.
Tom won't bother you anymore.
Tom won't bite you.
Tom won a free trip to Boston.
Tom wished Mary good luck.
Tom will survive.
Tom will make a good teacher.
Tom went west.
Tom went to Boston.
Tom went hiking.
Tom went downtown.
Tom watches too much television.
Tom was startled.
Tom was speechless.
Tom was shocked.
Tom was scared.
Tom was my first boyfriend.
Tom was kidnapped.
Tom was hurt.
Tom was homesick.
Tom was ecstatic.
Tom was dressed all in black.
Tom was confused.
Tom wants to try a new shampoo.
Tom wants to show you something.
Tom wants to move to Boston.
Tom wants to marry Mary.
Tom wants to know why.
Tom wants to go with you.
Tom walked home.
Tom waited his turn.
Tom took the wrong train.
Tom took the wrong bus.
Tom took a quick shower.
Tom took a day off.
Tom thinks you're lying.
Tom still hasn't paid me.
Tom still doesn't understand.
Tom started crying.
Tom split up with Mary.
Tom spent three years in prison.
Tom speaks French fluently.
Tom sounded surprised.
Tom slept late.
Tom skipped lunch.
Tom is really good at math.
I'm not worried about Tom.
How old do you think Tom is?
Experts say coffee prices are rising mainly because people are willing to pay more.
The concert was a success.
Which book do you need?
The shorter the proverb, the more questions.
I want to go to Sweden.
The seed of revolution is repression.
I remember having heard a similar sound in my dreams.
I can't imagine a future with no electricity.
It has been confirmed.
How is that possible?
I'd like to do more.
I would like to do more.
Why is Latin important for the life of a person?
Your declarations reflect your intolerance.
A new year always brings hope.
I didn't pay attention to him.
I'll do any kind of work.
I've bought myself a pair of shoes.
I speak Portuguese fluently.
Tom has a decent salary.
Did you know that men can get breast cancer?
Japan is here!
I forgot my credit card at home.
It often snows here.
She speaks too much.
Who is that old man?
It's marvellous.
It is marvellous.
I am!
Good.
A leaf is falling.
I want it.
I'm able to speak.
Yes!
Hurray!
Best wishes!
The milk has a bad taste.
"What do you mean, ""I don't like it""?"
He's my best friend.
See you.
Is this translation correct?
I sing now.
Today is Thursday.
Today is Friday.
Michael is reading a book.
German is the best language in the world.
The king oppressed his people.
He thinks I love her.
Long journey?
You again?
You are welcome here.
Come to help me.
We go to see her twice a day.
It is difficult to talk to him.
Where does your friend come from?
Let us not forget about ourselves!
She is stubborn.
There is no shame in being poor.
Did you leave the door open?
Peel two of the bananas.
He is facing many difficulties.
It's Claudine's house.
He is wearing a hat.
He is distracted.
I would like to charter a yacht.
My house is on a hill.
My dear little cat disappeared a week ago.
I had a terrible stomachache.
You are a bit fat.
I watched baseball on TV after I finished my homework.
You should take advantage of this opportunity.
I don't envy you.
This flower has a strong scent, can you smell it?
Some high-pitched sounds are inaudible to adults, but can be heard by children and teenagers.
He is my brother, not my father.
All of a sudden it started raining.
You must be more careful from now on.
Hey! Come here please!
He complains all the time.
My son can already count up to one hundred.
I quit smoking six months ago.
Take a look at that woman!
How can I sacrifice myself for something I don't believe in?
I wrote a song for you.
My son likes books about animals.
I'm afraid of the dark.
I was not drunk.
Tragedy is the entertainment of the nobles.
This clock is broken.
I don't allow it.
Tom remained silent.
Thanks for your quick answer.
Take the money before the police come!
Close your mouth!
No?
Isn't it true?
What did you hide?
He drinks too much alcohol.
He is not scared of snakes at all.
I left my gloves in the library.
Can you use a computer?
It's up to you to decide what to do.
He lost his most beloved son.
I try not to think about it.
You observe me.
It's easy to distinguish good from evil.
Do you know the family?
I introduced her to you last week.
Is tomorrow Saturday?
You were right.
Tomorrow is Saturday, February 5th, 2011.
I usually take a bath before going to bed.
You are a student.
She is Japanese.
He likes being surrounded by young people.
How many apples are there?
How much is an apple?
This city lies at the base of a mountain.
My last name is Watanabe.
Spring is my favourite season.
He doesn't want it.
Tom was devastated.
Tom should know that.
Tom shot Mary.
Tom sees this in a different way.
Tom seems to be happy.
Tom seems happy.
Tom scolded Mary.
Tom says it's up to Mary.
Tom sat at his desk.
Tom sang a duet with Mary.
Tom rinsed his mouth.
Tom ran out of gas.
Tom raised his hands.
Tom pushed the shopping cart for his mother.
Tom overslept.
Tom ought to stop smoking.
Tom opened the curtains.
Tom opened a window.
Tom often goes shopping alone.
Tom never gave up.
Tom never cheats.
Tom needs some rest.
Tom needs our help.
Tom made stew for dinner.
Tom loves skiing.
Tom loves his work.
Tom loves his job.
Tom likes traveling.
Tom left a large tip on the table.
Tom just got married.
Tom is very reliable.
Tom is the man of my dreams.
Tom is still at school.
Tom is scared of ghosts.
Tom is our guest.
Tom is just like you.
Tom couldn't find the bus stop.
Tom and Mary are in the same boat.
Mary is the woman of my dreams.
I think Tom is going to win.
Did you speak?
Why did you come here today?
Who are you and why are you here?
I want to learn.
The day is beautiful.
The town is beautiful.
I am loved by my mother.
The students have returned.
I went to the supermarket.
How many colours are there?
My university has a dormitory.
They were satisfied.
Are you a lawyer?
He sells whisky.
That's exactly what I thought.
I think he's an honest man.
Weak people lose.
The weather's bad, isn't it?
Tom is dangerous.
Tom is a wimp.
Tom is a compulsive liar.
Tom is a bit strange.
He gets his hair cut once a month.
I want to buy some ski boots.
I wish today were Friday.
Let's hope times change.
Do you know what AMP means?
It's not too late.
Does truth matter?
He was attacked by a shark.
You have to study more.
She left the room.
I'm a masochist.
I am a masochist.
Where do they come from?
What floor do you live on?
He hasn't come yet. He will certainly have missed the bus.
There is no longer room for doubt.
You're wrong.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
I don't know English.
It's a problem.
There is no cloud in the sky.
Maybe he's dead.
I feel like speaking Italian!
I quit smoking and drinking.
There is something rotten in the state of Denmark.
Denmark’s a prison.
I will have to work on Sunday.
Password?
My name is Tom.
Don't touch me!
It's an emergency.
She looks like her aunt.
I have no family.
I hate politics.
He hated lying.
He can play a flute.
He can play the guitar.
She can sing very well.
He can swim like a fish.
She's about the same age as me.
She's about the same age as I am.
They're about to leave.
He's about the same age as you are.
I'm afraid the rumor is true.
Unfortunately, that rumor is true.
Open your book to page 59.
I moved last month.
He ran away with the money.
He wants an apple.
He was absent from school for a week.
Your car is fast.
The man is old.
Whose clock is it?
What do you say?
I'll go.
He always keeps his promises.
She loves cats.
She really likes cats a lot.
There's no cure for baldness.
Life's not fair.
I will never be your friend.
We don't like violence.
We dislike violence.
I should have known!
I slept, and you?
May I eat something?
I've known him for one year.
You must pay attention when swimming in the sea.
My TV is broken.
Let's try!
It's already late.
Do I have to go now?
Tom has a message for Mary.
Tom has a pacemaker.
Tom has a right to know.
Tom has a sister in Boston.
Tom has a surprise for you.
Tom has allergies.
Tom has arthritis.
Tom has been fired.
Tom has dark skin.
Tom has many friends.
Tom has no problem with that.
Tom has no regrets.
Tom has nothing to lose.
Tom has something to tell you.
Tom has tonsillitis.
Tom hasn't changed.
Tom heard a noise.
Tom introduced himself.
Tom ironed his clothes.
Tom has a hangover.
Tom has a bald spot.
I often go to the cinema.
A boy and a girl are sitting on the fence.
Vultures circled above the dead body.
I haven't got much money.
I have to go home now.
This place is really noisy.
Forget it!
The plural of horse is horses.
What does he see?
They give nothing.
I often err.
He's better at the piano than I am.
I'm certain.
I often make mistakes.
Know yourself.
Turn on the TV.
Did she sleep well?
I will wait.
It snowed.
I'll bear that in mind.
We are Australian.
Hello everybody!
I'm not very good.
Yesterday I helped my father.
I won the gold medal.
Is this your opinion?
Not choosing is choosing already.
This is unbearable!
I want to see this movie.
One should love one's mother tongue.
He took a shortcut through the forest.
He was more surprised than I had expected.
Get in. I'll drive you somewhere.
This is going to be easy.
How could that happen?
He's a little rusty.
My father is at home.
She is French.
God forbid!
We spent the night in a cheap hotel.
Are you listening to me?
You should not be afraid of the future.
I was born and raised in Matsuyama.
The cat is brown.
What's it called?
I am ready to die.
She has just turned twenty.
This issue has nothing to do with you.
There is a monster under my bed.
She brought me a cup of tea.
It's your turn soon, Bashar!
We are behind schedule.
I don't think it'll rain this afternoon.
I think it won't rain this afternoon.
She's at the hotel now.
Which is the correct file?
Surely no one will look for this sentence.
I spoke with the minister myself.
I will work.
I'll work.
I'm going to work.
I eat chocolate.
You understand me.
Hey, did you hear? Susan has a bun in the oven.
That mattress needs to be aired out.
What kind of person is she?
I can't sleep.
I'm eating.
He's a man you can rely on.
I laughed so much my stomach hurts.
She's not a child.
Why couldn't you come on Saturday?
This fruit smells nasty.
Let's shake hands.
This fruit doesn't taste good.
You can't survive without money.
One can't survive without money.
I want a computer.
You must be Tim Norton.
You're a dog.
You are a dog.
What is the man doing?
Tom was Mary's first love.
I buy the flowers because I will pay visit to my grandmother this evening.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm eating fruits because I'm hungry.
I'm doing well, thank you.
In my world everyone’s a pony and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies.
The Sun smiled through the window every morning.
The cat has two ears.
Do you have a dog?
Have you got a dog?
Mexico is a country in North America.
I prefer coffee to milk.
He put the book on the table.
What have you seen in Tegucigalpa?
I simply don't know what to tell...
I am not a doctor.
I am fine.
Why are you so tired?
The patient didn't have a fever.
You can count on him.
I really appreciate all your help.
I wish that I could speak French as well as Tom.
He made a wisecrack.
You're welcome!
He sings very well.
She sings very well.
Turtles are reptiles.
I found something even sexier.
I love my job.
It reminded me of you.
Don't play with fire.
I'm talking about my friend.
After two years, she already spoke fluent German.
I want to sleep a little longer.
I love Tatoeba.
He takes a bath every morning.
Who wants a bit of cake?
This is my father's house.
I'm worried about my weight.
I'm not saying his music is bad.
I hear voices.
I worked in Rio de Janeiro for two years.
Tallinn is the capital of Estonia.
Go get some water.
She is walking.
Where did you find it?
The DNA test cleared him of all charges.
We've known each other for years.
He was sitting next to me.
Welcome to Tatoeba!
He's a man of his word.
I want to scratch my nose.
Speak of the Devil and he doth appear.
I live and work in Mexico.
You don't want to know it!
He's a big coward.
I knew it.
The museum isn't open on Sundays.
He gave me a hug.
It seems he's still alive.
Bacteria are everywhere.
I don't have any sister.
I was married once.
Where's the money?
Do you want me to take you home?
I decided to go away with the pilgrims.
The penis is one of the masculine sexual organs.
He had lost all hope.
Do you like the Bulgarian circus?
The government should invest more money in agriculture.
This is ice.
If possible, I would like to go home now.
I was born there.
Many fish died.
Is that too much to ask?
That's where the problem is.
I have thirteen cats.
His house is by a river.
Is it here?
She's from France.
Maybe she forgot my birthday.
She is lucky.
He has stopped smoking.
It's already seven o'clock.
No, Sir, I am German.
Her behaviour isn't normal for a young girl.
There is some wind.
A house without women is lonely.
The age of the universe is about 13.75 billion years.
I wish to live in a big city.
I have a lot of photos.
In the beginning God created Heaven and Earth.
That's right.
Nature is full of mystery.
Tell me everything.
You are boring me!
Are you ready to fly?
I can't complain.
You speak Esperanto, don't you?
I'm embarrassed.
Write something.
I have to translate the sentences.
I must translate the sentences.
This keyboard is perfect.
They are professors.
Grow up!
Are you bored?
You are easily distracted.
A ball hit her right leg.
Tom has never been punctual.
I hope I never meet him again.
That has nothing to do with him.
Do you remember it?
Please sit down!
I went there.
That was a great party.
Horses are animals.
A Mr. Marconi wants to see you.
Get out of my house!
The water flows under the bridge.
The cat is on the table.
We're going to travel to Estonia next month.
I want it now!
You're worth gold.
We will survive with God's help!
I get off here.
You'll have to wait at least an hour to get a ticket.
I'll pay for your lunch today.
Have you watched television tonight?
Tell us more.
I'm going to swim every day.
Osamu Dazai committed suicide.
I wanna travel.
We are the best.
Did you forget?
What's wrong?
You scare me.
Is that a riddle?
Where's my umbrella?
Thinking hurts.
He has written three books, two of which are best sellers.
Let me know.
You are a woman.
I like sweets.
I'll take two or three days off.
I'm the tallest one in the class.
Are you angry with me?
Music has no age.
Where are your keys?
Mr. Wang teaches us Chinese.
I decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
We have it!
We have him!
We have her!
I went to bed after eating.
Her daughter can recite many poems.
We must sleep outside today.
Have you decided the subject of your thesis?
You must not forget to wake me tomorrow morning.
What are you doing next Sunday?
What language is spoken in France?
Where is Paul?
I won't sell my soul.
Italy has some of the best art galleries in the world.
My mother is a sister of theirs.
Forgive me!
Good work!
Have you read this book?
Where's your watch?
I still want to go.
I need a new computer.
I don't go to school on Saturdays.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
This rule has no exceptions.
I can't take another step.
Exams are right after summer vacation.
Please ask someone else.
Why would I want to be friends with someone who has 4,387 of them on Facebook?
No, Dad!
Mother is cooking in the kitchen.
I'm looking at that flower.
I go to school every day.
Why don't I understand English?
Why don't you understand?
We'll never know.
It's not that cold.
Wait, wait just a little while.
It was too late.
Fear prevails.
Jiro is not here.
They're not always there.
It's a vague story.
What the hell is going on here?
Don't count your chickens before they're hatched.
He has a heart of stone.
"Did you know ""credulous"" is not in the dictionary?"
He and I are almost the same height.
I was waiting for you.
Oh, no! We're out of gas!
Give it to me.
I saw you-know-who at the market today.
Are they busy?
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.
That should be enough.
Don't forget your things.
Don't forget your stuff.
Now it's official.
Nothing is happening.
The cow is a symbol of Europe.
She's a modern girl.
Why didn't you come earlier?
This one is for us.
Don't listen to that man.
Do you have a bag?
I don't like big dogs.
Life is full of surprises.
Soon it'll be winter.
Friendship in itself is something very vague and even in cases of same-sex friendships, it takes many shapes and is brought on by many different motives.
Don't lie, Honey.
I can't accept this gift.
Don't break my heart.
It is I.
That's me.
Poor cat.
The Titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well.
Winning a lottery is an easy way of making money.
It's a stupid idea.
This dictionary is not useful at all.
He died five years ago.
I don't have a fever.
I don't have a dog.
Those are gifts.
Cats don't eat bananas.
That's a horse of a different colour.
This is my school.
You are fantastic.
Speak a little louder.
I cannot stand this noise.
Women are beautiful.
Do you have a ticket?
This kind of cat doesn't have a tail.
Get on the horse.
That's what I want to know.
Do Martians speak English?
If not now, then when?
She really wants to go.
Right!
Everyone was satisfied.
He walks fast.
I can't forgive her.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
The case is closed.
She loves me, and I love her.
I seldom see him.
I trust him.
He is hated.
What made her do that?
Why did she do that?
I'll show you.
Is it you?
She works as a stripper.
He's in the kitchen.
She's unconscious.
I hate hypocrisy.
From where?
This sentence seems to be grammatically correct.
There's milk in the fridge.
The Sun is very far from the Earth.
It'll definitely rain.
It'll rain for sure.
How many languages are there in Europe?
It was as hard as rock.
Playing the piano isn't easy.
It rang.
Let's eat first.
Hello, beautiful!
Truth is, I don't like him.
The train arrived in London.
Evil always wins.
I can't remember it.
He's eating lunch now.
Reading is one of life's great pleasures.
Leave!
It's time for bed.
I'm not sleepy.
Tom turns thirteen today.
I prefer this version.
I haven't eaten for two days.
You can't trust computer translation.
It has been wonderful.
How does that sound?
Welcome to the long night of cheese and wine.
It sounds like you had a great time.
He receives a high salary.
I want some paper.
In the wardrobe, there is... I'm not saying what's in the wardrobe; that remains my great secret.
She overslept.
He rocks.
She rocks.
Did you vote yet?
I'll leave it up to you.
It's fun to play baseball.
We have a little surprise for you.
He lost a book.
She lost a book.
I have to prepare the breakfast.
He's probably sleeping.
I like reading.
What should I do next?
This bird can't fly.
I can't read French.
Why do we dream?
Everything has an end.
I have already finished reading this book.
I've already finished reading this book.
There aren't any problems.
We have an agreement.
Appointment with Death is a crime novel by Agatha Christie.
That sounds scary.
You are gorgeous.
My father isn't home.
That was fast.
I am hating this weather!
Have some ham.
She's busy.
That's a lie!
How do you do?
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
No pain, no gain!
That's easier said than done.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
You don't give orders here.
It's all over for us.
Have you received an answer to your letter?
Let's begin on page 30.
She's in the hospital now.
We have no extra money.
I can't stand the cold.
I have almost no money now.
He's fresh out of college.
I lost my key somewhere around here.
She's well known as a singer.
They started working right away.
You can't buy happiness.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
I admit that I was careless.
He seldom went there.
She's wearing a nice hat.
That fact can't be denied.
What he said made us angry.
When does school let out for the holidays?
I finally passed that test.
Is it raining?
The text needs to be translated into Belarusian.
He passed the exam.
Let's go by taxi, OK?
Let's go dancing.
We have to postpone our departure.
He sent me an urgent telegram.
Walls have ears.
Why do you ignore me?
Here is beer.
Don't wait.
Jiro Akagawa has written over 480 novels.
What newspaper do you subscribe to?
Does it snow much in the winter?
Does it snow a lot in the winter?
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
I didn't want to surprise you.
Let's leave early.
She'd never been this frightened before.
She'd never been so frightened.
Please write down what he says.
She cut her hand with a knife.
Old people deserve respect.
We expect good results.
Have you finished your preparations for the trip?
I wrote her a letter every day.
He admitted his defeat.
He proofread my manuscript.
His house is near the subway station.
His wife seems to be a foreigner.
I don't eat as much meat as I used to.
That's the least of my worries.
Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, ages it is the rule.
Why does technology hate me?
It is written in Polish.
I'm no longer tired.
I don't feel like sleeping anymore.
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.
I think it's time to do my homework.
Does anyone want a beer?
I want neither meat nor fish.
"This conversation never occurred. - ""What conversation?"""
There is no other choice.
I don't want to cause you any trouble.
Why are you ignoring me?
I eat sauerkraut every morning.
This is probably a real diamond.
Why don't we go and see a movie?
Oh no!
Are you on your way to the tennis court?
She doesn't mince words.
I do not mince words.
I'm depressed.
Is it raining right now?
That's what I expected it to be like.
This cellphone is really expensive.
This mobile phone is really expensive.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
This cell phone is really expensive.
He has a white cat.
I had a healthy breakfast.
I had him repair my watch.
I had him fix my watch.
I built this doghouse by myself.
What a beautiful night!
She's assertive.
She's strong-willed.
Our dorm's heating system isn't working properly.
We live near the large library.
Is it raining now?
Dinner is almost ready.
Follow that car.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
He's not in.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
I was at home.
I am a member of the basketball team.
I'm leaving town for a few days.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
I'm taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I showed my ticket at the door.
She has about 2,000 books.
That's a really great idea.
I miss Italy.
You can add sentences that you can't translate yourself. Maybe someone else can translate them!
Let me pay.
Don't show off.
It's not the end of the world.
What's the weather like where you are?
Judy is a very clever student.
You should take care of yourself.
He owns this land.
He seems to have no sense of humor.
Just seeing it made me nervous.
Wow! What a big box!
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.
He felled a tree in his garden.
Eight plus two is ten.
Twelve divided by three is four.
You're not entirely wrong.
She couldn't keep from crying.
She didn't know what to do.
The town has many tall buildings.
That town has many tall buildings.
There are many tall buildings in that town.
I want more of that.
I would like to thank you for your collaboration.
I'd like to have a cat.
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle.
Tatoeba was temporarily unavailable.
People walk naturally.
Stop complaining!
I hate exercising.
He's in the hospital.
This dog barks a lot.
A cookie is under the table.
Did you live here?
His ID was fake.
I'm going to wash my car.
Women's rights are human rights.
He's not sick.
The woman hugged the baby.
You too can easily become a millionaire... if you are a billionaire.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like the idea.
Is it far?
How much do I owe you? - Four euro, please.
We live near the border.
Let's go to the cinema.
He was imprisoned.
It's supposed to snow tomorrow.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
I don't wish that on anyone.
That's the last thing I want.
It's making me nervous.
She has a book.
There are many people trying to buy houses.
Anything is possible.
He's not home.
You can use that phone.
His laptop is already five years old.
I missed the British accent so much.
There's a big hole in your sock.
Children need to play.
I'm married, you're married, let's get married!
She lives in London.
I have no words.
I helped them yesterday.
I can't carry this suitcase by myself.
This day will go down in history.
I sat down next to him.
Happiness is a delicate flower.
You've come too early.
When did you start studying Latin?
She's used to getting up early.
She's accustomed to getting up early.
We'd appreciate a reply.
I would appreciate a reply.
No matter where I go, I get lost.
No matter who says so, it's not true.
It doesn't matter who says that, it's not true.
I saw many birds yesterday morning.
That picture brought back a lot of memories.
When he spoke, everyone became silent.
He loves going to the theater.
He's rich, but he's not happy.
There are some cookies under the table.
There is a cookie under the table.
I must resist.
I'm a citizen of the world.
The number of students is dropping.
It reminds me of my childhood.
The boy threw a stone.
You smell so nice.
I'll take my dog out for a walk.
He has a large house and two cars.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
There's a good chance that he'll be chosen.
He talked to the chairman.
She talked to the chairperson.
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He secretly showed me her picture.
He secretly showed me her photo.
He has no chance of recovering.
There's no chance that he'll recover.
He left the room as soon as I entered it.
He really likes traveling a lot.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He likes music a lot.
He loves music.
He really likes music a lot.
He let me stay for a night.
He looks exactly like his brother.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He has to have an operation next week.
He left for London the day before yesterday.
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He left the room without saying a word.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He is in the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
Why don't we drop by to see her?
How did you learn how to play the violin?
How long will this cold weather continue?
How did the traffic accident happen?
What he said turned out to be a lie.
He speaks too fast.
This coffee is cold.
Tom doesn't want to go there alone.
I always drink two cups of coffee in the morning.
I found my father's diary that he kept for 30 years.
I'm not sure when he'll come.
I wanted to make some telephone calls.
I'll be sixteen on my next birthday.
I think she's an honest woman.
I found this movie very interesting.
I lent my friend some money.
I think you need to think about the future.
I think you should think about the future.
I think he's competent.
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.
I went to bed early because I was tired.
I felt very relieved when I heard the news.
I translated the poem the best I could.
I think it's sad to not have any friends.
God is in the detail.
Listen!
It has been six years since I started to study English.
He smiled.
Merry Christmas, my love!
I tell you a little secret.
I would like to kiss you.
I don't smoke anymore.
I saw a UFO.
Tell us something.
I'm a completely normal guy who has many hobbies, maybe too many.
I won't let you escape.
She's going to kill me.
This sentence is fine.
We have to pick a name for the child.
Delete that picture.
She lied about being pregnant.
I almost had a heart attack.
We uploaded the pictures from our wedding to Facebook.
I need a new USB cable.
I bought a smartphone for my wife.
He lives in Morocco.
I want to talk to him.
She's my wife.
This is an adverb.
What relieves the pain?
I have a fear of the dark.
I'm afraid of being afraid.
Silence, you fool!
I don't envy him.
Tom talks very fast.
Shut up, you idiot!
In Latin there are five declensions.
She is used to sitting.
Why is it that you're always late?
She was injured in a car accident.
Nice dress.
Immensity fills me with light.
She glows with happiness.
She's beaming with happiness.
Why are you always late?
I don't know anyone by that name.
Keep your hands off my daughter!
Cow's milk is tastier than soy milk.
Seriously?
You can't learn here! This is a school!
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
I'm being chased.
She has two sisters.
On Sundays, shops stay closed.
She's not interested in her English lessons.
There are no rules without exceptions.
Every rule has its exceptions.
My uncle is slim, but my aunt is fat.
Mr. Suzuki isn't a dentist. He's a physician.
My husband is impotent. What should I do?
She's sure to succeed.
Her son will succeed for sure.
The price is low, but the quality isn't very good.
Because I speak Chinese.
May I turn on the radio?
Maybe she won't come.
You're not young anymore.
Xiaowang, when were you born?
Nobody encouraged her.
I wanted to make a few phone calls.
Don't make fun of me!
She is washing the car.
She washes the car.
You're the most important person in my life.
You're the best thing that's ever happened to me.
I will ask him tomorrow.
I'm a perfectionist.
I like horses.
I love horses.
After many years of trying to get the man of her dreams, Barbara decided to give up all hope and to accept marrying Lucian.
He has two sisters.
You're doing it on purpose!
Pardon me, madam, I'm ashamed to be crying like this in front of you, but I can't hold my tears.
There is no simple solution for this problem.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
This shirt needs to be washed.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
Don't treat me as if I were a child.
Where can you play table football?
It's never too late.
With the wig on, he looked like a woman.
I am melting!
The raven is as black as coal.
My brother-in-law is a cop.
Be happy!
Do you want me to help you?
My cat looks sad.
They are still looking for the child.
That's an old tale.
I spoke to my parents.
Do you believe Judas betrayed Jesus Christ?
Who did you kill?
Try the cake.
I don't want anything.
I am nothing.
I'll tell you the truth: I lied to you.
I don't have a beach house.
I want an English muffin.
I like Alex Marcelo.
He drives a pink Cadillac.
That's bollocks!
I took my revenge.
I need new speakers for my PC.
You need a key to open the box.
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
It won't work.
She was born in Switzerland.
She is old.
Achille was born in Paris in 1908.
May I eat this apple?
My brother got cheeky.
Give me a hint.
My brother became cheeky.
Give me a tip.
It's gradually getting colder.
I miss it.
Do you understand what he's saying?
Will Apple lose its mojo now that its visionary founder is dead?
Our apple tree is blooming.
That girl looks like a boy.
Why are you always late for school?
He's a strange guy.
I heard that you became the manager of the Sydney branch.
My girlfriend is very jealous.
That isn't enough.
That doesn't suffice.
I work during the night.
I have an electric guitar.
Disgusting!
Don't call her now.
Don't call him now.
My battery is dead.
I arrived safe and sound this morning.
That's why we are here.
He lives in the yellow house.
Thank you for helping me to do my homework.
This hotel belongs to my brother-in-law.
I was in hospital a few days ago.
I'm going to work during the spring vacation.
I'm going to study English this afternoon.
I'm looking forward to the summer vacation.
Do you know how to play the piano?
Is she single or married?
Why do you love me?
I've forgotten your address.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
My son believes in Santa Claus.
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
I'm beginning to lose my patience.
I don't know if he's a doctor.
He is like a father to me.
I took my shoes off.
I hate raccoons.
I have faith in you.
I can't live without her.
I can't find Tom. Has he gone already?
Many young people are out of work in that country.
I phoned him.
The picnic was cancelled due to the rain.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
Stephen died.
Today is a holiday.
I didn't like that.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.
He doesn't know English.
I don't feel like partying.
I don't feel like celebrating.
It's a long story.
Which Harry Potter book is your favourite?
Mary has stopped smoking.
He's younger than me.
I took an arrow in the knee.
We're not out of the woods yet.
I'm on a boat.
This sentence contains several mistakes.
I keep a rabbit as a pet.
The teacher called the students in alphabetical order.
I'm painting an Easter egg.
They got married on Christmas Eve.
I want to dance.
I'm reading.
I read.
Pull!
See you on Sunday!
Sit down!
No idea.
Every ship needs a captain.
That's big!
That's great!
I have nothing.
Will you do it?
Faster!
You're nuts!
What do I see?
I'm still not ready.
The European Union is set up with the aim of ending the frequent and bloody wars between neighbours, which culminated in the Second World War.
Why don't you run for president?
Why are we running?
Don't say shit.
Hay is for horses.
He's very likely to come.
There's no water.
As of 1950, the European Coal and Steel Community began to unite European countries economically and politically in order to secure lasting peace.
Chicken!
The 1950s are characterized through a cold war between east and west.
He is busy.
I'm feeling better.
The price is going up.
He is wearing pyjamas.
Do you understand the difference?
I speak a little German.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
The weather is terrible today.
I wanted to rent a bus.
She drives a BMW.
I am not a student.
German is a synthetic language.
What language do they speak in the United States?
I never drink.
Kim is two years older than he is.
Lincoln's biography is read by children all around the world.
He was a good king.
Remain seated!
Wake me up.
Do turtles have teeth?
He needs it.
I'm disappointed.
I support him.
He wants to speak.
I want to eat.
I'm against it.
Show them to me.
Show it to me.
Yes, really!
Let's take the bus.
PS: I love you.
Tell me!
Think about it!
Dogs bark.
So goes life!
He learns fast.
See you!
Did she say it?
Will you wait for me?
Don't look!
It's not a joke.
We've seen him.
Where are they going?
Who will pay?
Are you in Paris?
You work in Milan.
You lie.
You're lying.
I don't want to buy it if I don't need it.
He drank beer.
He drank a beer.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
Why don't you want me to know?
I drank even the last drop.
"Where's your cousin? ""He just left."""
I don't want to listen to you.
I just did it.
You're scaring me.
How about Friday?
Who lives in this house?
I don't remember anymore.
Forget about it.
A dog runs.
Today, I do not have time for this.
Blimey!
As you wish.
We agree from time to time.
His eyes are red.
Hedgehogs are cute.
Do you use aftershave?
The rabbit hid behind the tree.
You don't need to suffer in silence.
Don't trust what he says.
Don't dress like a slut.
One of my six Facebook accounts was suspended.
It's hard to please Mr. Hoshino.
Write a sentence with three verbs.
I want a sword like this!
Tea, please.
He is hiding something from me.
Don't be such a wimp!
This hall can hold 5,000 people.
People thought that she was dead.
I'd like to graduate next spring.
Those two children were the same age.
He eats nothing but fruit.
He doesn't eat anything other than fruit.
He doesn't eat anything except fruit.
He eats nothing other than fruit.
When will you come back to Italy?
I read somewhere that animals can sense an earthquake before it hits.
The number of jobless is at an all time high.
He's in a bad mood.
In which street?
It's still better than nothing.
I like my new job.
The projector doesn't work.
It works.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by his toe, if he hollers let him go, eeny, meeny, miny, moe. My mother told me to catch the very best one and you are not it.
I faced the champion.
What are you selling?
God gave us the power to love.
You betrayed me. Why?
She passed away yesterday afternoon.
Please delete this sentence.
It stinks.
A little more?
He was tenacious.
It's raining everywhere.
I'm shattered.
I'm really angry.
I'm not hungry.
Do you understand her?
My arm hurts.
My nose itches.
I have just finished eating.
We have a reservation for six-thirty.
I have lived here a long time.
I bookmarked this website.
I feel very betrayed.
Lead is easily bent.
The cake is a lie.
Traveling is a lot of fun.
They say that he's still alive.
Feed the bird.
I'm learning Japanese.
I'm not impressed.
They're still young.
I like this city very much.
Does Mr. Ito teach history?
He was strict with his children.
He's a DJ.
I like turtles.
Let's forget it.
I want a sword!
Are wasps poisonous?
Where did the bee sting you?
One day, all this will become yours.
I was stung by a bee.
My girlfriend dumped me.
He said he was poor.
Her daughter is a nurse.
Their daughter is a nurse.
The capital of Morocco is Rabat.
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
How did you find me?
I was born in 1982 in Athens, where I still live today.
I'm hungry because I haven't eaten.
He's a talented young director.
He did it for the money.
Think about your future.
If only I could fly!
Goal!
Life has just begun.
I'll finish it later.
What are you waiting for?
Let her wait!
Her real name is Lisa.
I'm not from here.
All hope abandon, ye who enter in.
I want to hear you play the piano.
I'm from Malta.
They talked about culture.
I brought you red roses.
My pet is sick.
I was very rich until I met her.
Tom and Mary went on a cruise near Italy for their honeymoon, but the ship sank and Tom was drowned in his cabin.
The windows are open.
Tom doesn't understand British humour.
I came back home late.
I'm from England.
His mother speaks Italian.
My uncle is rich.
My brother is rich.
My father is rich.
You're doing it wrong!
Good morning, doctor!
This is a lion.
Who is this boy?
That is essential.
OK, I'll order it.
I'm from Turkey.
Danger is my middle name.
I need an interpreter.
I need a translator.
She has a heart disease.
My aunt had three kids.
My aunt had three children.
Mary's parents hate Tom.
Okay.
He's old enough to be her father.
You are the tallest one.
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
Tom's phone can take pictures.
Do you speak Catalan?
I bought a hat.
Don't fuck it up!
I am drinking coffee.
A lion is strong.
Wolves don't usually attack people.
Learning foreign languages is boring.
Queen Elizabeth died in 1603.
All of my relatives are taller than me.
Poets cannot live without love.
Nobody loves me.
I hate Tom.
She helped the old man cross the road.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
The old woman climbed the stairs with difficulty.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
I'm on the eighth floor.
I am your friend, right?
I'd like to pay.
A fire broke out on the second floor.
He ate the whole apple.
The car is blue.
Tom has scurvy.
Hold the ball with both hands.
Tom thinks that the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom is a very rich person.
Tom has a private jet.
Tom drank a lot of vodka on his trip to Russia.
I prefer taking medicine rather than getting an injection.
My father is going bald.
The car doesn't start.
Mary believes in the power of love.
My cat likes my keyboard.
Is that really true?
Tom is a bus driver.
Tom kissed Mary's hand.
Why did you decide to study English?
Tom is a nudist.
Tom and Mary went to a nudist club.
Mary giggled.
Today is a beautiful day.
I'm afraid of dogs.
I'm curious.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
She's dieting.
He's a baseball player.
He's able to speak Japanese.
She's absent because she's sick.
He's three years older than she is.
He's three years older than her.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
She's curious to find out who sent the flowers.
I don't know exactly when I'll be back.
I'll postpone my trip to Scotland until it's warmer.
It's already eleven.
She'll probably come.
It's difficult to understand his theory.
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
If that guitar weren't so expensive, I could buy it.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.
That'll put you in danger.
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.
She's been absent from school for five days.
They're on good terms with their neighbors.
We've walked all around the lake.
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.
That's why he got angry.
That's the reason he became angry.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
What languages are spoken in America?
Which is larger, Japan or England?
She'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door.
Where in Turkey do you live?
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
You look just like your older brother.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
He put the book on the shelf.
He earns three times more than I do.
He earns three times more than me.
He told me his life's story.
Mary is a yodeler.
He finally met my demands.
1980 was the year that I was born.
Tom is a conservative.
Mary's shoes are dirty.
Tom is a womanizer.
Tom works as a bouncer in a nightclub.
Tom and Mary have trouble getting along.
Mary slapped Tom.
Give me a chance!
Mary was arrested for shoplifting.
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
Both claims are false.
Tom has a small dick.
Tom is being bullied by Mary.
Tom and Mary live on a farm and have 16 children.
The door is closed.
Where are the lifeboats?
Sometimes I want to ask God why He allows poverty, famine and injustice in the world when He could do something about it, but I'm afraid He might just ask me the same question.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
What time is good for you?
My uncle has a house in Italy.
Tom is completely nuts.
Mary likes to party.
The skyscraper is in the center of the city.
She died.
Mary has a strong personality.
Mary felt excluded.
Tom didn't want to do something he would regret.
James Bond is not an actor.
Ask the policeman.
That hotel is very near the lake.
He is in the bathroom.
I think I'm ready to leave.
I hate losing.
I love winning.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
He's head over heels in love.
I believe Elvis is still alive.
Tom is Mary's gardener.
We'll keep in touch.
Tom is the tallest in our class.
It gives me nausea too.
I don't think she would understand it.
Tom is a mutant.
I want to see it with my own eyes.
Times change.
Times are changing.
Football is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Why are you so ugly?
I won't forget that.
A penguin is a bird that cannot fly.
Would you like to have another beer?
You are way too intelligent to think you'd be smarter than me.
Neither God nor Master.
With all due respect, Mr. President, you are an asshole!
Tom is barechested.
What's most important in life?
I was born the year the war ended.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
He couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
I wasn't able to remember the title of that song.
I couldn't remember the title of that song.
It's cheaper to order things by the dozen.
It's said that he knows the secret.
It's not easy to understand his ideas.
Since it was so hot, we went swimming.
Schools are closed.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
Their lifestyle is different from ours.
Let's go straight to the beach.
I don't sleep anymore.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
This is crazy.
Coca-Cola invented Fanta, in the middle of the Second World War, for the German market.
Who invented the piano?
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
Why don't you go home?
It's a very sad story.
Do you go running every day?
I won't be here tomorrow.
My life is empty without him.
I have no idea who she is.
Japan is in Asia.
My dog is on heat.
My dog is pregnant.
My wife wants to adopt a child.
There's a big hole.
Tom is a badass.
Tom is very excited.
Tom is a Peeping Tom.
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
I envy her.
Tom is a legend.
Tom is legendary.
Tom is a realtor.
Tom's house was destroyed by a hurricane.
Tom's house was destroyed by a tornado.
Tom has lost his mind.
I didn't tell you anything.
Your room number, please.
He has run out of energy.
We learn a lot from experience.
This house is haunted.
When do you go on vacation?
Russia is big.
I don't understand what he wants.
What should I do to save time?
Books are my best friends.
Voilà! Case resolved!
Red is better.
Molière was born in 1622.
Is your father in the garden?
One minute has sixty seconds.
My hobby is languages.
His book inspired me.
You did not answer my question.
Are you coming?
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
At first, I thought he was sick.
Did you taste the rice?
I was in the hospital a few days ago.
There was a lot of food in the house.
How are you going?
Why did he come here?
Tom's favorite movie is Dumbo.
Let's wait here.
I've only used it once.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
Victory is possible, though unlikely.
I do all the work.
Nobody can live to be two hundred years old.
His new novel has become a best-seller.
This is a lemon tree.
I went on holiday abroad.
Allan is a poet.
This glass of beer is almost bigger than you.
She read the poem out loud.
I can't drink coffee without sugar.
"Are you reading ""The Count of Monte Cristo""?"
I can't promise you anything.
I'm looking for a place to sleep.
I don't want to do this anymore.
There are five patients in the waiting room.
Yesterday, he told me the truth.
Please don't forget to write the letter.
I have to go to the toilet.
There's too much sugar in the coffee.
I'm coming in July.
Today I decided to learn Esperanto.
Ping pong is also called table tennis.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
Not so fast!
Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Tom is wearing a mask.
Don't leave them alone.
Alain made a decision.
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
Come inside. It's cold outside.
I read the Bible in order to learn Esperanto.
Is that for sale?
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible.
They are yellow.
I like having breakfast with you.
I was humiliated in public.
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
This is a proverb that I don't understand.
I left the country.
Can I come?
I'm used to eating alone.
I hate snow and the carnival.
I fell in love with a woman.
He writes articles for the local newspaper.
I love Alex Marcelo.
Faith works miracles!
I feel old.
I have two children.
Look for the woman!
I will be right back!
Potatoes are cockroaches.
You have a beautiful name.
I sent you an e-mail.
I sent you an email.
I'm getting used to eating alone.
Which one is mine?
I accept the challenge!
It depends on you.
She is much younger than Tom.
Three weeks went by.
There is a dog on the bridge.
No... I mean, yes.
Complete the sentence.
It rained.
What language is spoken in the USA?
What's your favourite TV programme?
What have I done with my keys?
This forum is marvellous.
Is this yours?
He's a scriptwriter.
"Who wrote ""The Prince""?"
I hate getting up early.
He stole money from me.
Alice is sleeping in my room.
Thanks for the chocolate! I hope you enjoyed the pancakes, and I hope you had a great day as well.
What is there to understand?
If you want, you can phone me.
Champagne is imported from France.
I'll call you every night.
I'll phone you every night.
We missed the exit.
So don't hesitate.
It's bulky.
Where is the nearest shop?
I've been waiting for him for an hour.
Vote for us!
Apart from that, I don't know anything.
It's quarter to two.
Where's the nearest supermarket?
He grew up in Australia.
That sounds reasonable.
The king took his clothes off.
The king got undressed.
How are your parents doing?
I'm not a baby, you know!
I wished him a good journey.
This was a few weeks ago!
He is tired of reading.
Come help me.
It's important to read books.
My mother is preparing dinner.
My mother is the first one to get up every morning.
My mother is preparing breakfast.
My mother put a large vase on the shelf.
My mother was usually very busy.
There is no table in the room.
My father makes good use of his time.
We have nothing to complain about.
We have no complaints.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
Since I was tired, I went to bed.
Do we need to wait for her?
Nothing scares me.
I'm going to Spain next week.
You have to work, not think.
Her name's Irina.
I am very curious.
I am very happy in Georgia.
His book is very interesting.
Her book is very interesting.
The train is arriving!
She's pregnant.
She gets up early.
He gets up early.
My father gets up early.
She wore a red blouse.
She's six years older than me.
She's six years older than I am.
She's five years younger than me.
She promised me that she'd come.
She disappeared.
She continued with the work.
She's much better today.
She's very afraid of dogs.
She's very interested in music.
She's still under age.
He doesn't yet know the truth.
She's very afraid of snakes.
She's a very wise mother.
Where did she buy books?
The town has changed a lot since then.
She has a lot of friends here.
That's an old hat.
I read; you write.
What happened to my bag?
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. She's called Dilma.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. Her name is Dilma.
He didn't see anything.
We have a plan.
Hello? Anyone there?
Did you do it?
I like running.
I love astronomy.
Her bicycle is blue.
Very many people know him.
Bad weather prevented us from departing.
Some people think it's a bad idea.
We'll all die sooner or later.
I often feel depressed.
I traveled around Europe.
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
There are still a lot of things to do.
The pain finally went away.
Why am I laughing?
Poppycock.
Where does this train go?
The purpose of the heart is to pump blood.
Almost always.
An increasingly greater part of the population is not capable of fully utilizing the power of expression of the German language.
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.
What should we do if it rains?
Today is fucking cold.
I don't want to do it again.
Have you called him yet?
Last night there was still snow on the ground, but this morning it's all melted.
His words were heartfelt.
That was right of them.
He is abroad.
He also speaks French.
She also speaks French.
Something happened.
Do you want to go first?
Delete the comment, please.
Don't touch my stuff!
You should go home now.
Go home now.
She wrote the word.
I have a sister.
My grandmother can cook very well.
Some claim to know everything.
I'll finish reading this novel soon.
It's time for you to go to bed.
Is there space for one more person?
Mama cried.
I think I'll come back soon.
Are you coming or not?
I haven't finished that job yet.
Mr. White has gone to India.
Where is my dog?
Are we in the same hotel?
Two firms compete with each other for market leadership.
Do you have nightmares?
Translator, traitor.
Speaking French is difficult.
Owls can see in the dark.
He goes fishing every other day.
It's a curse.
It is a curse.
I haven't got rid of my bad cold yet.
Do you have any beer?
Put on your pajamas.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
The party was held on May 22nd.
Mr. Norton is pleasant to work with.
What a strange story!
Why does she look so sad?
No matter how tired I might be, I have to work.
Every student was asked one question.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
My wish has finally come true.
Since there were no taxis, I had to walk.
I had to walk because there were no taxis.
After 125 years of development it's clear: Esperanto is more than just a language.
There were no radios in those days.
You can't live on that island.
You should look up that word.
You should look that word up.
The novel has sold almost 20,000 copies.
What have you done with the books?
Ship ahoy!
Is there a zoo in Boston?
It's your duty to finish the job.
That magazine is aimed at teenagers.
How do you spell that word?
A Mr. Smith has come to see you.
Mr. Smith has come.
This house will rent easily.
It'll be easy to find a renter for this house.
It'll be easy to find someone to rent this house.
There's a little whiskey in this bottle.
Anybody home?
He's unconscious.
Mr. Wilson is proud of his house.
You shouldn't trust that man.
Thanks for saving me.
It's an older model.
It's just a placebo.
What did I do to deserve this?
It might prove useful.
I have my own reasons.
Everyone is doing it.
Why are you still here?
It's the least I could do.
How many days are there in a leap year?
Lead the way.
The policeman is wearing a gas mask.
Don't forget about me.
He tried to commit a suicide.
You hurt me.
Do you know my name?
Can you walk?
The files are missing.
I don't have a choice.
You may kiss the bride.
How many days does a leap year have?
Do you plan to buy that car?
Let me introduce you to Mr. Tanaka.
Do you know the man staring at you?
You should prepare for the future.
I bought her a clock.
You should help your father.
You should go to bed early.
I can't lend this book to you.
I can't decide whether to go or not.
You will never be too old to learn.
Mr. Sato speaks English well.
Last night, I listened to radio.
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
He doesn't have the ticket.
She doesn't have the ticket.
I have a lot in common with him.
Go and open the door.
I'd like to go with you.
I'm not rich enough to buy that.
I went out even though it was raining.
I am a monk.
I don't have a pencil.
I don't have any pencils.
I went to sleep as soon as I got home.
I like traveling by train.
It's extremely important to do sport every day.
I cannot fix the computer.
I have the same number of books as he has.
I thought that he was honest.
I thought he was honest.
I dream of a quiet life in the country.
You were my friend.
He came from another country.
He was a brave soldier.
These are simple sentences.
We have lots to do.
I still love you.
Life is strange.
Today is Wednesday.
Where's the entrance?
My grandson is the son of my son.
Thus Do They All.
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
Selling cars is my business.
Teaching young children isn't easy.
All the boys are the same age.
I think it's important to tell the truth.
Kobe is the city where I was born.
Women like colorful umbrellas.
My name is Shu.
She doesn't understand you.
He went shopping.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
He didn't want to sell the book.
She seems happy.
She returned to Japan.
What a beautiful city!
Is this the train station?
He has a brother in Tokyo.
Did you get her letter?
I'm not deaf.
He won the prize last week.
I've heard that song before.
You should go home early.
You'd better get up early.
A lot of time was wasted.
It's your favorite song.
I told you so!
Mount Elbrus is the highest mountain in Europe.
I can't imagine it.
Who should I inform?
Please look for it.
Who is this woman?
Tom is on the roof.
I'm working as fast as I can.
He will tell me everything sooner or later.
He wants to learn how to cook.
Tom opened the safe.
I think the story is true.
When you make the bed, don't forget to fluff up the pillows.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
They rented the room on the second floor to a student.
I'm looking for my watch.
She has green eyes.
I wait for you in Turin!
Are you for or against abortion?
What's there to do?
Thanks for your help.
I don't know how to explain it.
It's a pity that he can't get married to her.
I can't get along with him.
You can't believe a word he says.
He's ten years older than you.
Can you remember his name?
He is twice as old as I am.
Nothing lasts forever.
Simplicity is the key.
He once had a lot of land.
Perhaps you are mistaken.
We're pupils.
I can't trust what she says.
Since there were no customers, we closed the shop early.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop early.
The world is small.
Atoms form molecules.
I'm a liar.
It suddenly started raining.
I also like painting.
I'm a beginner, too.
"He wrote the article ""Artificial Intelligence in Martian Colonial Life Support Systems."""
Since when?
I rarely listen to the radio.
I seldom listen to the radio.
I almost never listen to the radio.
I can't speak German.
She's about the same age as my sister.
He takes a walk every morning.
Words wound more easily than they heal.
I need it right away. Please hurry!
We're not a party!
We are not a party!
I am afraid of cats.
Where are my cigarettes?
He was angry with his students.
She doesn't have any children, does she?
They plan to get married tomorrow.
He died before I arrived.
True love doesn't exist!
True love does not exist!
I can't eat chocolate!
You don't have to answer those questions.
I will call you tomorrow morning.
I need a crew.
You know where to find me.
Can I cry?
She is Russian.
He's paralytic.
How old was she when she got married?
It's been three years since we got married.
There is no dress code.
I'm not well.
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
Am I dreaming?
I remember now.
He's always at home on Mondays.
This is Tom's flat.
Tom is improving.
Tom is calm.
I'll go even if it rains heavily.
He needs to follow my advice.
It rained a lot that winter.
You're special.
I am in your hands.
I saw you yesterday.
I'm still hungry.
What awful weather!
I won't tolerate such language!
He's a leading authority in his field.
It's very sticky.
I can speak Chinese.
I learned a lot this weekend.
That's rubbish.
Tom spilled the milk.
It's a bit greasy.
She is talking.
Tom is very calm.
That happens sometimes.
It's a shame.
They should be fine.
Tom and Mary are playing poker.
There's a secret passage.
It was excruciating.
Never again.
It's your only chance.
I was furious.
It's very dark.
I've got no worries.
It's an ambitious project.
Things are looking good.
She is wearing a hat.
What is the name of that bird?
Birds have wings.
Have you eaten lunch?
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.
There is nothing as important as friendship.
If it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
He's on good terms with Mr. Brown.
He can barely read.
Send it to me.
The terrorists swore vengeance on that country.
I think she is over forty years old.
Dawn is coming.
That's too long.
A win is a win!
We watched the children play.
Thank you very much for your gift.
Listen to me.
It never happened.
It is a black hole.
I've lost my passport!
Soccer is my favorite sport.
Am I in London?
Some politicians are wolves in sheep's clothing.
He's too young to drink.
I've been studying Chinese for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle.
There's a cockroach in the bathroom.
There's a spider in the shower.
Tom used a toothpick.
Tom is homesick.
Tom is panting.
Tom passed out from the heat.
Tom is skittish.
I'm swamped with work.
Tom was cremated.
Tom's father is very strict.
Tom is hyperactive.
You are the fifth wheel on the wagon.
Tom was sent to Coventry.
She has a slight lisp.
Tom looked petrified.
Mary is hysterical.
This shouldn't be allowed.
He's faking.
It all makes sense now.
I am eating.
The students burned their textbooks.
Mary had the last laugh.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
Tom threw an egg at Mary.
I have a proposal.
When do you plan on beginning?
Are you afraid?
Mary teaches yoga.
Where is the bridge?
Tom blacked out.
Tom woke up naked.
You are so pretentious!
Mary has a slightly tanned skin.
Tom is a sociologist.
It's Tom's birthday today!
Tom works as a bouncer.
Tom is a rebellious boy.
Mary is a rebellious girl.
Mary is a bad girl.
Mary is a potter.
I'm in a desperate situation.
Tom doesn't believe in life after death.
It's a picture of Mary and her long-haired boyfriend.
Tom and Mary visited Scandinavia.
Tom has an iPhone.
Tom bought two copies of the book.
This never happened.
Everyone is trying his best.
Be patient.
Mary knows nothing of sewing or knitting.
Mary is a brave girl.
Don't trust anyone here.
Does this ring a bell?
It's misleading.
This is terrible.
Tom is not going to do it.
Tom was sacked.
I wish you hadn't done that.
That's a strange question.
She is a little shy.
The apples he sent me were delicious.
He bought a car.
Those three are his daughters.
The knife is dull.
How old do I look?
Your words don't match your actions.
The boy was silent.
She was crying.
How is it?
I felt isolated.
The people I work with are all very kind.
How old is this tree?
The pen has run out of ink.
How many galaxies are there in the universe?
That would be very sad.
Tom likes experimenting.
I'm going to have a beer.
I'm going to drink a beer.
The water here is very shallow.
Tom's computer is so old that it still runs Windows 98.
Tom says that he is able to communicate with the dead.
Tom lacks discipline.
Tom is a spineless coward.
This is the last straw.
It's getting ridiculous.
Everybody wanted me to do it.
Many teachers have a problem with Tom.
Tom is insolent.
Tom refuses to work.
Tom is brain damaged.
Tom is a powerlifter.
A virus infected Tom's computer.
Tom is a successful lawyer.
Tom didn't want to do their dirty work.
Tom got a phonecall from the hospital.
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.
Tom was crying.
Tom made a poor impression.
Students stand up when their teacher enters.
He is British.
He is English.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Tom thinks his country is the greatest country in the world.
You can eat very well there.
His mobile has been stolen.
Alice has stunning legs.
Tom is a Boy Scout.
She said she was happy.
Tom only eats raw food.
He runs faster than I.
Basil, sage, rosemary, thyme and oregano are popular herbs.
She's looking for a better job.
Science does not solve all of life's problems.
Nagoya is a city that's famous for its castle.
I saw Mr. Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
I can't understand the meaning.
Do you know where she was born?
I don't think he will come.
It's important to read a lot of books.
Everything flows.
Horror has a name.
Without music the world is a vale of tears.
This sentence doesn't exist yet on tatoeba.org.
No, no, and furthermore, no!
My mother has cooked ten eggs.
Have you anything to eat?
Be yourself.
Strive to be happy.
I don't want to be a nurse any more.
The rabbit is eating the carrot.
Traveling was much more difficult in those days.
It has nothing to do with real life.
But I don't want to.
Tom wants someone to love him.
Tom doesn't watch TV.
Tom and Mary both like old movies.
Tom likes blondes.
Tom likes redheads.
The meeting was almost over.
Thanks a lot for your help.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
Mary is a psychic.
Tom burned the letter.
Do you want sugar?
Thanks, I understood everything.
You want to kill me.
He lost his new watch.
They want to kill me.
I'm a good person.
I came yesterday.
Tom is a neurologist.
He deserved it.
Tom's dad is a university professor.
The damage was done.
I hope that everything is okay.
Is that French?
Tom was trapped.
Tom wanted to live.
Call me tomorrow.
The door creaked.
What is your name, sir?
Hey, you!
Tom was attacked by a shark.
Positive atomic nuclei attract negative electrons.
I understood.
Tom's son was robbed for the third time.
Did she kiss well?
Tom doesn't like to share.
Tom grabbed Mary by the hair.
Tom is a maniac.
Tom is in deep trouble.
Tom likes people similar to himself.
Tom is a normal guy.
Tom is a fascist.
Tom is a communist.
Tom is a socialist.
Tom doesn't like politics.
Tom is a professional baseball player.
Tom is a professional hockey player.
I want to study German.
I will study German.
I studied English, French and Chinese.
Do you think in German?
Tom has a terrible memory.
Tom has limited free time.
This is my favorite movie.
This is my favourite movie.
I can't write anymore.
Tom used a legal loophole.
What could go wrong?
My computer is my best friend.
None of this is good.
Tom is meditating.
That's pseudoscience.
Tom is a rabbi.
Tom is a priest.
Tom is wasting time.
Tom is too young to drive a car.
This was too much for Tom.
I want you to come with me.
Tom is still a virgin.
Tom loves to sing.
Tom poured himself a glass of scotch.
Last Saturday, my family went to the zoo to see the pandas.
Times are tough.
I don't have enemies.
A good question.
We don't have that in Europe.
One third of nine is three.
I have to return this book to the library.
Is Tom studying French at school?
I don't feel like watching TV.
Which newspaper do you read?
Tom has a friend in Boston.
Who turned off the light?
Tom is my older brother.
Why didn't you tell me?
Tom only drinks coffee.
Are you angry with Tom?
Why is the train late?
Who did you come with?
Why are you laughing?
Where is my umbrella?
Tom has two children.
I'll ask Tom to wait.
Tom is my colleague.
Is this seat vacant?
Don't make me angry.
Where are my books?
What station is it?
Tom is doing fine.
How's your father?
Everybody is fine.
Why are you late?
Here is the bill.
Where's Tom now?
What did you do?
Tom is friendly.
I have a truck.
Tom has a car.
Stop worrying.
Are you Tom?
Eat slowly.
We're out of tea.
Mr. Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
I've got a lorry.
I don't drink water.
Read as much as possible.
I am not afraid.
You should stop drinking.
Tom is stuck in the past.
Tom ate alone.
Tom forgot the ketchup.
Tom is spoiled.
Tom is a spoiled child.
I hate you!
He's in hospital.
The cats are afraid of water.
I need a smoke.
And what about a coffee?
It's not a good idea.
I'm going for a walk.
Superman is showing at the movie theater this month.
Tom might become famous.
I'm very proud of Tom.
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?
Her skin is whiter than snow.
This is a true story.
Tom never lost hope.
Tom is depraved.
My lungs hurt.
I have no books to read.
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.
The old house was demolished.
Don't try to trick me!
She didn't answer.
The store is open from nine to six.
We are going to the market.
I will always remember you.
It being Sunday, the shop was closed.
Since it was Sunday, the store was closed.
My grandmother is sick.
The days are longer in the summer.
I remember the day you were born very well.
Where's Mum?
There was no taxi, so I had to walk home.
This medicine has no harmful side effects.
He confirmed that it was the wreck of the Titanic.
To tell the truth, I've already seen that movie.
He always gets home at six o'clock in the evening.
He always gets home at 6:00 p.m.
They don't speak Spanish.
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
Carthage must be destroyed.
Are you a Buddhist?
A flattering friend is your worst enemy.
My wife is cooking.
I have money.
I begin this afternoon.
My father works here.
The call is free of charge.
They want to learn English.
I haven't got a clue.
I can't find it anywhere.
I often read.
I just want to hold her hand.
His son is a genius.
We'll leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
We should have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
I'm not going to the movies tomorrow.
I have no time for games.
He respects me.
He did the opposite.
A lonely man is lonely because he is afraid of others.
You should look up this word.
You should look this word up.
Send it to me now.
I want some milk.
I hate working.
Your coat is very beautiful.
I don't know where you are going.
I sweat every day.
Who killed her?
He invented the wheel.
Which one do you like better?
It must be true.
To drink or not to drink - that is the question.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
My friend doesn't believe in ghosts.
Tomorrow it will rain.
I'm quite satisfied.
I am quite satisfied.
It's his Christmas present.
Does the cough disturb your sleep?
Beauty is only skin deep.
Not tonight, I have a headache.
Add the onion.
Last winter, I went skiing in Canada.
What is the file extension?
I'm sure of my sentence.
I'm thinking about something else.
I'd lend you some of my brother's books.
Where can I buy silk?
I read some books.
The website is down.
All mammals have seven cervical vertebrae.
The victim was crippled by dogs.
Your death will not have been in vain.
I don't feel like speaking German.
She likes to wear dark colours.
It is time to stop watching television.
She has a pure heart.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
Didn't you see my keys?
The committee members are all present.
The human skull consists of 23 bones.
I slept a lot.
Forget me.
Tom made a pilgrimage.
Sounds good to me.
Be reasonable.
It's so easy.
It's not a fish.
It isn't a fish.
Sex sells.
I like languages!
Prices rise.
Is this word correct in this context?
Marvellous.
I've got to go to the men's room.
That's ridiculous!
Tom doesn't know the difference between a fable and a fairytale.
Where did they go?
He believes himself to be a hero.
I hear what you're saying.
Tom is a perfectionist.
I'll do something.
This is not a toy!
I'm already hungry.
Thanks for adding me on Facebook.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Don't blame me.
Tom and Mary sold their souls.
Tom cheated on his girlfriend for months.
Ready, set, go!
Mary is a sea urchin.
Mary is a tomboy.
It's a quarter till two.
Can you read Arabic?
I need to repay her.
I'm unable to translate this sentence.
The boy almost drowned.
Kids need sleep.
I live in Shymkent.
I like it.
I no longer have a headache.
I like watching people.
This sentence needs to be checked by a native speaker.
I know who you are.
Thanks for the ride.
Amputation is needed.
Where does Iain live?
My father doesn't drink liquor.
I feel just like a kid in a candy shop, here!
What nonsense!
Coffee is ready.
You're soaking wet.
Very little is known about them.
Tom shrugged.
He loved her.
Tom is watching golf.
The egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth.
It's a legitimate worry.
Tom is playing with his yo-yo.
Unemployment is high.
He's a liar.
They know what happened.
Mary is pregnant.
My computer is connected to a properly grounded outlet.
I will be loved.
I have been loved.
We have arrived safe and sound.
It isn't over yet.
He did it again.
She did it again.
The dog house is outside.
He hired a new secretary.
I don't feel like doing anything today.
Children threw stones at him.
This is my first time.
I have a white cat.
You cannot do this.
I have black eyes.
Tom is a good neighbour.
I won't see him anymore.
Tom is my best friend.
Tom is incompetent.
Tom is competent.
Let me explain.
Tom was evasive.
Mary is very impressed.
We need to talk.
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
He sold all that he owned.
Tom kneeled.
Mary is kneeling.
Tom's a likable guy.
His mother was a singer.
She is Tom's older sister.
I bathe every day.
Our marriage is over.
Redheads drive me crazy!
The king is dead, long live the king!
Ask him when the next plane will be.
Sign here.
Tom wants to change the world.
Your son is a genius.
That was really difficult.
She had a flower in her hand.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital city.
I don't like big cities.
Sorry for being late.
Isn't it enough?
Tom is quite drunk.
Do you speak Dutch?
Where's the bread?
My youngest brother is still asleep.
He finds fault with everything.
I'm studying Toki Pona.
I'm learning Toki Pona.
I'm tired, that's all.
You look satisfied.
The boy got lost in the forest.
The boy is afraid of the dark.
He is reading.
Our team won 3 to 1.
There's something fishy going on.
Take no prisoners.
Tom doesn't have a credit card.
Someone is coming.
Things have changed.
Tom was sleeping.
I haven't had the honor of meeting him.
The end of the world is coming.
Did he stay very long?
Tom shaved.
Tom nodded.
What's the text about?
Whose son are you?
Kimchi is a traditional Korean dish.
This soup is too spicy.
Football is an exciting sport.
Do you speak Toki Pona?
We will soon have no more petrol.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
Tom sells fertilizer.
What happens next?
We can't compete with that.
Tom is cynical.
Tom was outraged.
Tom is clueless.
I like English.
Tom is a good boy.
Liar!
This is simply not true.
Who did that?
Tom was furious.
Don't pay attention to her.
I feel your pain.
Who wrote the Bible?
Mary wore a pale blue dress.
Tom's radio is broken.
A hundred years have passed since the Titanic sank.
The Titanic hit an iceberg.
The party was a flop.
Tom hid in the closet.
I'll pay for lunch.
How much time do we have?
Do not tempt me.
He has enough money.
Children love cakes.
He followed my advice.
I am 24 years old.
When are you going to move?
I am a Japanese writer.
Who ended up paying the bill?
This will protect your skin.
Do you play tennis well?
Tom is blind.
Tom is visually impaired.
I'm horny.
How is this possible?
Tom was panting.
Tom is in a lot of trouble.
The Japanese live on rice and fish.
The moon has no atmosphere.
Tom didn't know their names.
I don't recognize anyone.
Nobody died.
Is it really possible?
Do you get it?
It's easier to die than to love.
The future of man is the woman.
No one knows where he lives.
My brother bothers me!
We listen to music.
They didn't listen.
How old is the Eiffel Tower?
There used to be a vegetable garden in our yard.
Take the bags upstairs.
Tom has told me a lot about you.
It is a serious problem.
The city was covered in snow.
I can't see anything!
I don't see anything!
I don't know where you're going.
Here I am.
"Are you Swedish? ""No, Swiss."""
Is this good English?
I have a twin sister.
Tom is optimistic.
Tom is unfaithful.
The book is out of print.
It's made of leather.
Do you need our help?
What's more useful, the sun or the moon? The moon, of course, it shines when it's dark, but the sun only shines when there's light.
I've heard everything.
What about us?
Tom is available.
They killed Tom as an example to the other prisoners.
Tom is a fast learner.
Japanese is harder than English.
Mary is not wearing a bra.
Tom is a tough guy.
Did you eat breakfast?
I don't think that he is sincere.
Cash or credit card?
What a strange guy!
Tom was like a father to Mary.
Tom has been shot.
Tom had no idea how rich Mary was.
I'm very proud of you.
I'm still a little hungry.
I want to know who broke this window.
I just bought a new pair of shoes.
I apologize for my rudeness.
Don't forget your umbrella.
Do you work here?
Are you sure you don't know Tom?
How old is your daughter?
That is old news.
When does school let out for Christmas?
What caused the explosion?
The atomic number for iron is 26.
My name is Ivan.
It is written in his face.
There is only one store on the whole island.
What a pessimism!
You are a good person.
Tom has two girlfriends.
Tom is bleeding.
The fuel gauge is broken.
Squirrels eat hazelnuts.
We can't see anything.
The people of this village live in harmony with nature.
I don't speak Lojban.
I am thirsty.
It's a matter of national pride.
You can't drink the water here.
"The slogan for the day against extremism was, ""multicolored instead of brown""."
We're not in the 80s anymore.
I work as a teacher.
Tom and Mary live beyond their means.
My best friend died of asphyxiation.
Put the headphone on.
He cannot play guitar.
She won't like this.
I'm quite tired.
It's the size of a small car.
It's just not fair.
I'm very tired today.
We have to do something.
We live on planet Earth.
She has a bicycle.
She has a bike.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
I have the minutes of the meeting.
Thomas is a man of action.
I'm a little confused.
Snails move slowly.
Hello, old friend!
He is Japanese.
It just makes no sense.
Tom is an adult now.
The dogs barked all night.
I will miss you.
Tom just got dumped.
Life isn't easy.
Tom's father is an alcoholic.
Tom was adopted.
Kazakhstan is one of the developed countries in Central Asia.
America is not the most democratic nation.
This is really weird.
I don't eat meat.
I am single.
The cheetah is the fastest animal.
I'm better.
My ass!
"In order to deal with repeat offenders, Mr Johnson is also establishing a ""two strikes and you're out"" policy - serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights."
Tom uses Windows 7.
Not everything is black and white.
It's a very simple process.
Tom is awesome.
Did I lock the door?
It needs to be perfectly symmetrical.
When will he come?
She is about to kill me.
Show me the photo.
The first will be last.
Where can I wash my hands?
Oh no, not again!
I understood almost everything.
Write it down.
What're you going to do about it?
What did they say?
What are these?
We met at summer camp.
We found it here.
Tom wanted to talk with Mary.
Tom took the job that Mary offered him.
Tom still hasn't found what he was looking for.
Tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is.
Tom had money, a lot of it.
That was unexpected.
Thank you so much for coming by.
Tell the truth.
Talk to Tom.
Step back.
Sit down.
Should we wait for Tom?
Should we call Tom?
Put it there.
Move over.
May I go first?
It's my life.
It turned out well.
Is there something you want to tell me?
I'm very disappointed in you.
I work too much.
I was living in Boston a few years ago.
I should've known better.
I love this song.
I know what I want to do.
I knew this was going to happen.
I had no choice.
I bought you a present.
How would you describe yourself?
How long did Tom work here?
How long are they?
How do you handle stress?
How did you two meet?
Go find Tom.
Give them to me.
Get to the point.
Get some rest.
Everybody hates Tom.
Did you like it?
Can you see?
Call me.
Back off.
Are you doing anything special for New Year's Eve?
Are there any questions?
Let me try.
I chewed the gum.
She punished her children.
Tom is intoxicated.
This is Tom's locker.
Mary is working as a model.
This is unusual.
Tom hit rock bottom.
Tom is a surfer.
Helium, neon, argon, krypton, xenon and radon are noble gases.
Just relax.
What are your plans for Christmas?
My sister is younger than me.
Maybe it's a trap.
We've got no brakes!
Don't stare at me like that.
You must be crazy.
What do you have in mind?
Snap out of it!
You have to believe in yourself.
We know.
Try to remain calm.
Do you really want to know?
I've already read this book.
Could you help?
This is very difficult.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
This book is very heavy.
I'm happy to be here.
Unfortunately, Nancy was right.
I love you more than anything.
She can't ski.
I'll call back soon.
Be more careful from now on.
I met my friends yesterday.
We couldn't understand her logic.
I want to see a volcano.
It's not that bad.
Tom dyed his hair.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn!
This movie is politically incorrect.
We're in trouble.
Tom is a good kisser.
Tom likes ponies.
She bought a toy for the kid.
Tom dyed his hair black.
How annoying!
Tom has cancer.
Where's my phone book?
Your name sounds familiar to me.
She's up the duff.
She is the one who took care of his wound.
Was that not clear?
It's not sure it will happen.
He read the book yesterday.
They are here.
She was more beautiful than all of the others.
Do you have any grandchildren?
When I'm with you, I'm happy.
The sea isn't clear.
There is snow on the mountain.
I don't want to become blind!
The garden was full of yellow flowers.
I'm not guilty.
I'm innocent.
Too many sweets make you fat.
Look at the woman over there!
Are you interested in Buddhism?
We need that report by tomorrow.
I'm fine, thanks.
Can I eat?
I'm happy you're here.
I will return earlier tomorrow.
He spoke.
He lives near the beach.
She lives near the beach.
It isn't worth it!
He does appear.
I recognised him immediately.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
Who took the picture?
It's too cold.
Without you, I am nothing.
I don't speak Turkish.
Can you open the door for me?
I'm tired of writing.
I don't know where to start.
They do it each week.
Gravity wins again!
What is good for you is good for me.
How much does he spend per month?
I like learning languages.
The man kisses the woman.
I'm not sure.
It's hard.
That doesn't make sense.
There was blood everywhere.
It's the logical thing to do.
He has gone blind in both eyes.
Do you see me?
The law is equal for all.
I made this chair.
He writes a letter.
You can't bring your cat to school.
Stand up.
My grandfather was a miller.
She has no fear.
He has no fear.
What newspaper do you read?
I'm proud to have him as a friend.
He wouldn't harm a fly.
It's a matter of time.
I have a dentist appointment.
Everyone in my family is happy.
I like watermelon.
This is even worse!
Who sings this song?
Only an immediate operation can save the patient's life.
Remove the bandage.
I think we're all a bit crazy.
She is powerful.
I speak from experience.
There is nothing more important than friends.
I am from China.
I'm a tourist, too.
I worry about your health.
Unfortunately, I don't have time today.
Osaka is Japan's second biggest city.
Osaka is Japan's second largest city.
Which drinks don't you like?
I have no opponents.
Why does nobody eat my potatoes?
He didn't say anything new.
She's painting her room white.
I forgot to buy one pillow.
He's asking you to help him.
Cats don't like dogs.
Is he still sleeping?
She wants to drink some warm milk.
He doesn't know that I have a cat.
My cats aren't sleeping under the bed any more.
He didn't learn anything in school.
When will we go home?
I have many Esperanto-speaking friends.
He quit.
He resigned.
He spent three years in jail.
I work.
Why are you telling this to me now?
It's just a fantasy.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Sunday.
Tom abandoned them.
I felt the same way.
The king's son was kidnapped.
Prepare yourself.
It's always a pleasure to see you.
You are too late.
Do you want something?
We traveled together.
Greetings, stranger.
You have restored my faith in humanity.
Many were slain.
This is a great victory.
Everything matters.
If not, how do you explain the acceleration?
I'm beginning to recall.
Once upon a time lived a king who had three daughters.
My children are in school.
We're under attack!
That all you've got?
Children and drunks don't lie.
Tom embraces Marie.
Learning French is difficult.
It was only a nightmare.
In autumn, leaves change color and fall.
I build houses out of stone.
No kidding?
No, I'm English.
He's got two cars.
Avocados are the fruit of the avocado tree.
It's the last one.
Hey! Nobody is translating my sentences!
I like the rain and the snow.
He's got a large family.
Please don't forget my name!
I want to write a book.
He made his will last year.
Tom seems to know the way.
Thank you, my friend.
Nobody knows the future.
We have half a dozen eggs.
Remember these rules.
He never breaks promises.
The next morning, he was gone.
Don't believe him!
No, I am an Englishman.
There is nothing here.
He has two cars.
Sugar is sweet.
I have the dictionary.
We finally did it.
You've got the wrong person.
I don't like chocolate.
One of my fingernails got broken.
It keeps raining.
I see the book.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction.
Bill Gates is the founder of Microsoft.
Without air, we would die.
Where art thou?
He does nothing but cry.
I will go to Australia by train.
Without music, the world is a valley of tears.
We are learning Spanish.
Last night I puked.
All lawyers are liars.
I don't have the time to read this book.
I don't have the time to read that book.
Two women sing.
The country is heading in the right direction.
This book costs 4 dollars.
Do you know why he wasn't at school?
We had no drinking water.
I always get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
I want to see everything!
This would be a mistake.
Tom worked all night.
Tom is an autodidact.
Tom is deranged.
There's not enough water.
Tom is tolerant.
Again?
I did the job in three days.
He did the work in two days.
Tom is a fakir.
Tom is a fire eater.
The suspect is armed and dangerous.
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.
His wife is a Frenchwoman.
It's not possible to do two things at once.
Tatoeba was down yesterday.
The voice acting is horrible.
It's pretty incredible.
Accidents happen.
Are you free on Wednesday?
Such things happen all the time.
Tom is claustrophobic.
Don't ask too many questions.
Why are you so insecure?
Tom loves horses.
Our neighbor has broken a rib.
We still have to look for the hook.
The lovers exchanged numerous letters.
Tom was homeschooled.
The devil is in the details.
Tom is a hero.
Tom is a firefighter.
I like dragon fruit.
Tom has to share a room with his brother.
Everything's fine.
You don't eat anything.
Where's my other sock?
He's English.
I feel unwell.
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
It's dark in here.
We're being watched.
Nobody's perfect.
Mary is now studying in her room.
I'm making coffee.
This lemonade tastes too sweet.
I don't drink wine.
I'm going to Berlin to visit my friend.
The book is for me; the flowers are for us.
I joined the navy.
I can't eat more.
This is not a pipe.
This isn't a pipe.
Don't you want to study?
There is a bench on the balcony.
Once a species goes extinct, it's gone forever.
I was astonished.
He didn't want to leave.
I'm going to jump.
He died before the ambulance arrived.
I never asked for it.
I don't want any fruit.
It will be very, very hot.
He will wait.
Look at the size of that thing!
We'll soon find out.
They abandoned the ship.
Let's be happy.
They'll be very afraid.
This is my last offer.
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.
One of Jesus' disciples was named Paul.
Give me an orange.
This is a great book.
You are my hero.
Isn't that true?
Nobody does that.
The answer is no.
If you hurt him, I'll cut your balls off.
It was just a matter of time.
It's just a matter of time.
Doctors save lives.
Someone has to pay the bill.
They were victorious.
I told her that she was right.
Learn to walk before you run.
I'm getting old.
It's a fine day.
Let's go to the beach!
This isn't a bad thing.
Tom doesn't like math.
Math doesn't suck, you do.
Nature knows no boundaries.
She wants to work in a hospital.
Cast iron is an alloy of iron and carbon.
Honestly, I don't believe it's a matter of plagiarism.
That's why I asked.
Is it possible?
I enjoy playing chess.
I'm not as lucky as you.
It's a cruel world.
Today, I'll sleep on the couch.
Write down each word.
Did you see yesterday's episode?
I have a present for me.
Don't stop playing.
What's more important?
It's very simple.
Click on the link.
I don't need your permission.
They don't know us.
I like rice more than bread.
You look younger.
I have lots of things to do.
I quit playing the drums.
In autumn, the moon is very beautiful.
How long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?
I did something wrong.
School is boring.
Stay sharp.
Good hunting.
Welcome back.
No means no.
What the fuck is going on here?
He's bisexual.
She's bisexual.
The ice sheets are melting.
It is bisexual.
How happy I am today!
Get on your knees.
Nature is awesome.
I will make some tea.
Now I'm sad.
Keep trying.
Are we just friends?
Did you buy the medicine?
I haven't found a doctor yet.
I don't know much about your family.
I don't know anything about the future.
Are we alone in the universe?
It was a bad idea.
She always says no.
I can't tell you what happened.
No one knows what happened.
I have always trusted her.
Why don't you come to the party with us?
We can talk here. No problem.
I can't explain everything now.
Do you know how I can get there?
She's a bit naive.
I wanted to meet you.
This is insane.
I know I'm going to die.
I'm very discrete.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
I'm looking for Tom.
We are coming.
We forgive him.
Come on, hurry up!
I'm alright.
She likes to play with this lamb.
Don't whistle at school.
He has a funny name.
Why should I be scared?
Where are your clothes?
Bring me my clothes.
What's this dog's name?
He has a big house on the mountain.
Did he touch you?
Nobody tells me anything.
Why would he lie?
I live in a small fishing village.
They did not listen.
This made me cry.
Push!
Hypnotism works.
I'd do it again.
He could die.
She could die.
This is very impressive.
He acts like a rock star.
Every rose has its thorns.
Who stole the apples?
Woof, woof, woof!
Her name was unknown.
Give me the ball!
Sometimes adults behave like children.
Africa is the poorest continent.
Adaptation is the key to survival.
Without humility, courage is a dangerous game.
Do not give up and keep writing.
Come here boy.
The cat scared me.
All the other kids do it.
You have my word.
I'm not a soldier.
It was the best party ever.
Stop staring at her breasts!
Treat her with respect.
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
What will become of me?
My wife is very upset.
It's not as easy as you think.
I accept your challenge.
Where the bloody hell are you?
I have to feed my cat.
Not a word was said.
It's more than enough.
And so one thing leads to another.
Danger, danger!
It's alive.
She's a cutie.
Hello, girls.
We sell orange juice.
You promised me.
The train arrives at platform number 5.
What about you?
I like snow.
Yes, yes, of course.
He moved to Istanbul with his wife.
I can't hate you.
That happened to my friend.
No gift is more precious than trust.
I have two sons and two daughters.
That is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
He's gone senile.
We're planting seeds.
I'm not like you.
This is all your fault.
He can't stop laughing.
The ring is cursed.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
Do you believe in magic?
He knows what he's doing.
What a loser!
Be a good boy.
This isn't a game.
Did I say something wrong?
She can't do that.
I can't do that.
I'm not so sure anymore.
You leave me no choice.
I think about him often.
I think about her often.
She's acting on her own.
Have you ever flown in a blimp?
This company doesn't even have a meeting room.
I'm not telling you.
I'm not your friend.
Are they satisfied?
The world is cruel.
He's still young.
She's still young.
You're not my friend anymore.
This is not going to end well.
I'll play with you.
She's in danger.
He's not stronger than me.
She's not stronger than me.
He's stronger than me.
She's stronger than me.
I owe you my life.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
I only did my duty.
He knows the truth.
Ain't she cute?
Tom has a big heart.
Did you see that?
It's my turn.
What I don't want to lose is love.
This is a fact.
What's wrong with her?
I am a bad person.
She's a yoga instructor.
You've been warned.
Save the rainforest!
This is one of the reasons why I love Tatoeba.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Tom has prostate cancer.
I'm just curious.
Nothing has changed.
I'm new here.
This is not the first time this has happened.
My job is boring.
She was my first girlfriend.
Tom doesn't like maths.
Tom doesn't like mathematics.
He won the lottery.
I have lucid dreams.
There are no rules.
My apartment is near.
Does it hurt?
Who sells this?
Everyone laughed.
Do you find me pretty?
I speak English.
You will have a new brother.
I bought an electric car.
Just ignore him.
Just ignore her.
Do you shower every day?
Her parents hate me.
I don't have time to do the laundry.
His parents hate me.
That's what I told him.
How do I get to the bus station?
Life's unfair.
I'll call the police!
Divide and conquer.
Dolphins are curious.
It's not even on the map.
Is there some ketchup?
That is a unicellular organism.
Let's go shoplift from the supermarket.
I'm very surprised to see you here.
I was naive.
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city.
He smells bad.
She smells bad.
You don't know that.
He won't live much longer.
I want to help.
Try to go slower.
You're the last hope for humanity.
I made him cry.
There's no way to escape.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
She's not a liar.
He's not a liar.
I don't want to live.
She's feeling much better.
She didn't get caught.
He didn't get caught.
I have a flexible schedule.
Is it too small?
We can't stay here.
Say something!
It was a great trip.
Do you like fruit salad?
He is Ethiopian.
My husband is useless.
The apple is red.
It is John's apple.
I give John the apple.
I'm not English.
I like a lot of things.
I want to give mum a plant.
Tom reads slowly.
Tom drives slowly.
Tom speaks slowly.
Tom writes slowly.
Tom works slowly.
Tom translates slowly.
Tom is reading a book.
Tom is drinking juice.
Tom is taking a shower.
Tom is washing his car.
Tom is swimming.
Tom is playing with his son.
Tom is singing.
Tom is teaching English.
Tom is learning English.
Tom is repairing his car.
Tom is thinking.
Tom is praying.
Tom is crying.
Tom is joking.
Tom is laughing.
Tom is coughing.
Tom is sneezing.
Tom is getting dressed.
Tom is undressing.
Tom is picking flowers.
Tom is running.
Tom is helping his wife.
Tom is memorizing a poem.
I am drinking milk.
I am having a shower.
I am driving a truck.
I am brushing my teeth.
I am talking to my sister.
I am looking for my phone.
I am swimming in the lake.
I am playing with my daughter.
I am teaching Berber.
Tom is listening to music.
I am repairing the washing machine.
Yes, I am crying.
I am joking.
I am coughing.
I am throwing up.
Tom is downloading games.
I am getting dressed.
Tom is trying to understand.
I am undressing.
I would like to live in France.
She earns more than she spends.
Tom is annoying Mary.
The dog is barking.
Tom is beating Mary.
Tom is breathing.
Tom is climbing a tree.
Tom is complaining to the manager.
Tom is disturbing Mary.
Tom is drawing something.
Tom is dreaming.
Tom is drowning!
Tom is dying.
Tom is following Mary.
Tom is grilling meat.
Tom is kissing his wife.
Tom is lying.
Tom is milking the cow.
Tom is miming Mary.
Tom is paling.
Tom is pouring a glass of milk.
Tom is receiving treatment.
The horse is neighing.
Tom is building a wall.
Tom is consoling Mary.
Tom is signing documents.
This fish stinks.
Tom is stuttering.
The jackal is howling.
Who hired you?
The billy goat is bleating.
Tom is sweating.
This is not funny anymore.
Tom is throwing stones at birds.
Tom is training.
Tom is turning down the sound of the radio.
She's very understanding.
He's very understanding.
Tom is mocking Ken.
Tom is waking up.
Tom is whistling.
I need to stop.
You need to stop.
We won't forgive you.
You did the right thing.
He did the right thing.
She did the right thing.
They did the right thing.
I have a vivid imagination.
He has a vivid imagination.
She has a vivid imagination.
This is not my specialty.
Motivation is the key to success.
It's not my style.
It's not your style.
It's not his style.
It's not her style.
How am I supposed to eat?
I'm a real man.
He's a real man.
He won't make it.
She won't make it.
Instead of complaining, maybe you should help.
It's your ex-wife.
I caught them in the act.
He thinks his job is pointless.
How about tonight?
Who are you trying to impress?
I am braking.
I am calling my brother.
I am calling back my wife.
Don't shoot!
I'm right behind you.
I'm right behind him.
I'm right behind her.
She's right behind you.
He's right behind you.
They're right behind you.
They're right behind me.
This is no joke.
He's the most popular boy in the class.
She's the most popular girl in the class.
I'm the only one who survived.
I'll keep it a secret. Don't worry.
He has a bottle of milk every morning.
So where were you?
This joke is not funny.
Any new jokes?
I didn't understand this joke.
His jokes make no sense.
I am clearing my throat.
I am correcting my mistakes.
This joke doesn't have anything to do with you.
I am finishing my translation.
I am following that car.
I am frying fish.
I am grilling fish.
I am listening to country music.
The ice cream is melting.
People are gathering.
The law is the law.
I am swimming in the river.
I am telling a story.
Our gods are dead.
I'm coming home.
She's an independent thinker.
The cat is playing with the ball.
This is my first time, so I'm a little nervous.
I got a call from the school today.
Mary is Tom's girlfriend.
She married an American.
Things would never be the same.
He's helping me.
Tom resigned this week.
Can you program in C?
Tom likes to tell dirty jokes.
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
I was just curious.
That is correct.
I will never forgive you.
Love is like oxygen.
I'm not one of them.
Everything will be perfect.
What happened to the German girl?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
No one wants to go there.
Euler's identity really is remarkable.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
I was dizzy.
The diaphragm is a muscle.
Oh wow, you are fast.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his parents.
He's here to spy on us.
I have bad news for you.
He's not allowed to leave the country.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
He lives frugally.
I need coffee.
She's dependent on her husband.
I'm still in school.
He had no memory of the accident.
He says that he has no memory of the evening.
They made the right choice.
I didn't see her.
I didn't see him.
He's a bad liar.
She's a bad liar.
You're a bad liar.
Mary is in love with the boy with blond hair.
She asked her teacher for advice.
That's really cute.
How do we get out of here?
I don't know what to answer.
Is that what you want?
Why did you buy a car?
Why did you buy another car?
Why did you buy a second car?
Do you need a car?
Why do you have two cars?
Everybody laughs at me!
Nothing new.
She is not ashamed of her misconduct.
I lived in this house as a child.
This is just stupid.
Tom has already begun.
He has already begun.
She has already begun.
You're too stupid to live.
How deep are the cuts?
Tom lives in North Carolina.
He's rather good.
She's rather good.
Tom attended an all-boys school.
She's active and fit.
It's really cool here.
This is a great theory.
It was handcrafted.
It wasn't an accident.
How long is it?
That's terrifying.
Tom died last year.
He was surprised too.
Everything is expensive in London.
He tried it with a friend.
She tried it with a friend.
There are holes in the floor.
There are holes in the roof.
She was the victim of domestic violence.
She's a smart girl.
We must never do this again.
That's exactly what she wanted.
Yours is bigger than mine.
Mine is bigger than yours.
She's going to love this.
He likes sleeping.
She likes sleeping.
The cat likes sleeping.
Sarkozy defended a model of sustainable growth.
That's a beautiful piece of meat.
The drunk driver damaged a tree.
Tom never got an award.
Tom died from tuberculosis.
She died from turbeculosis.
Tom died from TB.
She died from TB.
He was killed by a land mine.
Victory is not assured.
Would you like me to repeat the question?
She's just a child.
Against all expectations, we became good friends.
You are free to say what you think.
I cannot lie to Taninna. She's my wife.
It has begun.
My cat is really smart.
What happens if I press this button?
He does not understand modern technology.
I am fixing the washing machine.
This sentence is too long.
It happened in Rome.
She's happy and satisfied.
My hands are tied.
You know how it is.
I'll see you around.
This is plagiarism.
She's good at what she does.
No one told me.
Call security!
Is this legal?
She kept her promise.
He kept his promise.
Tom is embarrassed about buying condoms.
You must respect your elders.
This is not what I ordered.
We're getting closer.
Africa is not a country.
They used truth serum.
We'll do it together.
Don't touch this!
We make a great team.
She's the girl of my dreams.
We made waffles.
We've all done it.
Stop him!
Stop her!
They're all dead.
She's smart and beautiful.
I took care of her cat.
We should not lose courage.
God, give us patience!
I will never have a daughter.
Aristotle and Descartes are the only philosophers who are smarter than all of their disciples.
The dog is panting.
Taninna is paling.
I cannot pray now.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
This is the first time I've ever recruited a cook.
I cannot rinse the dishes. There is no water.
Where's the Red Cross?
He trusted you.
She trusted you.
I know that she knows.
I know that he knows.
I believe that's correct.
He's a job creator.
I'm hungry because I haven't had lunch.
He went ballistic.
This summer is incredibly hot.
Some would say that he's playing with fire.
I'm happy with it.
There must be a misunderstanding.
There must be some misunderstanding.
Internet is very slow.
What is your favorite sport?
He died a few days later.
I'd like to be a dentist in the future.
This bird can fly.
Can you catch the chicken?
She caught the chicken.
Who controls the internet?
This is the perfect place.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
I never said that it wasn't a good idea.
Many young people in Spain are unemployed.
My phone is vibrating.
I'm hungry and thirsty.
She's hungry and thirsty.
It sounds easy.
It sounded easy.
I am the laziest person I know.
He's the laziest person I know.
She was very pleased.
There is always something to translate in Tatoeba.
She was in the shower.
He was in the shower.
She's in the shower.
They're in the shower.
Why am I doing this?
He began to sweat.
I began to sweat.
Where is everybody?
Let's get back to work.
It's more dangerous than I thought.
I am delighted to be here.
I'm delighted to be here.
Don't try this at home.
I can't show you.
I don't care what you do with your money.
I don't care what you do.
She was panting.
He was panting.
This is Tom's camel.
It's perfectly understandable.
He's young and healthy.
They're young and healthy.
Everything is possible.
We love our customers.
She deserved it.
You deserved it.
I deserved it.
They deserved it.
He's innocent.
She's innocent.
You were perfect.
He was perfect.
It gets better.
The girls won.
Women are better at this than men.
Men are better at this than women.
They hid in the cellar.
Tom is the man of the house.
You're reliable.
This spoon is for soup.
This spoon is for tea.
Tom is tall and strong.
For more information, visit our website.
Read these instructions.
I moved to England from Germany when I was nine.
I don't want to be your secret.
I didn't know he was dead.
He died doing what he loved.
I'm going to die, and I want you to stay here with me.
They speak about us.
She is not as patient as you.
A bear will not touch a corpse.
Good night, Tatoeba. See you tomorrow.
I wet the bed until I was ten years old.
He was excommunicated.
She was excommunicated.
He's new in town.
She's new in town.
They come from the same village.
They come from the same town.
They come from the same country.
How big is your house?
She has a crush on this boy.
She slammed the door shut.
I grew up in a small town.
She grew up in a small town.
You don't have to believe me.
My mother's going to kill me.
My father's going to kill me.
We can do it right now.
The parking lot is empty.
He started taking salsa lessons.
She can't assemble Ikea furniture.
His girlfriend did it for him.
He wants only the best.
My children rarely go outside.
Have you measured it?
It's popular among senior citizens.
Well, you've convinced me.
I slapped him.
He's in prison.
I don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
I took the cake out of the oven.
You're too young to die.
I like the slow rhythm of this song.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
He is my colleague.
We are barking like dogs.
We are correcting spelling mistakes.
Did you sign?
You really need a woman.
We cannot be naked enough.
How do you access the Internet?
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
Mary is speaking to strangers.
Tom is a highly gifted man.
This is something to consider.
The work has already begun.
Have you tried it before?
I felt out of place.
We have tried everything.
The goods arrived undamaged.
Tom bought some condoms.
Her book quickly became a bestseller.
Tom wants to become rich and famous.
It won't happen again.
It's a bad time.
You can only use it once.
It's a sign of the times.
He's a fast learner.
He's a talented writer.
She's a talented writer.
I saw a whale tail today.
Tom is wearing leather shorts.
My husband's going to kill me.
Her boyfriend did it for her.
There is a serious problem.
She hasn't changed her mind.
He hasn't changed his mind.
They haven't changed their mind.
My father is going to kill me.
That's a church.
You're free to say what you think.
Why doesn't that surprise me?
Why don't you answer your dad?
They accept students like Tom.
They add articles to Wikipedia.
I address my teacher in Berber.
They bake a delicious pizza.
Tom believes in life after birth.
Legalize it!
He boils water in a coffee pot.
Finnish is the mother tongue of my children.
All Finns love their language.
Charlie Chaplin is an actor.
I bought an umbrella.
We bought a new washing machine.
Alone against everybody.
The people fear war.
I should go to bed.
Are you no longer in pain?
A crocodile ate a dog.
He sketched an apple.
Thank you for decorating my house.
Thank you for helping me to cross the road.
Under normal conditions, the boiling point of water is 100 degrees Celsius.
Have you ever touched a hedgehog?
Have you ever lied to your mother?
Have you ever built a house?
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.
Have you ever forgotten your phone number?
Have you ever grilled fish?
Is the world more mad than usual this morning?
I live in an old house.
He's probably wrong.
I have no idea what to expect.
I like potato salad.
It's now fairly common.
Tom is self-centered.
There are downsides to being pretty.
The intern is lazy.
Relax.
The United States of America export wheat throughout the world.
The tank is empty.
We ate at the restaurant for ten euros per person.
Emma is cross-eyed.
Now let us talk about serious matters!
Is there anything to drink in the fridge?
Contact me tomorrow.
She is discreet.
Tell me a little bit about yourself.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
Tom broke up with Marie.
I haven't finished my breakfast yet.
I am not a lion but I too can roar.
It was everything I hoped for.
It's a nice party.
It was a nice party.
I know what you are thinking.
I know what she's thinking.
I know what he's thinking.
I don't like being told what to do.
They've done it before.
I have done it before.
She has done it before.
Leave her alone.
I'm doing this for them.
I'm doing this for him.
What a day!
It is completely natural for her to be mad.
She's the love of my life.
He's the love of my life.
He owns a very valuable wristwatch.
I am surprised to learn this.
Next time it will be my turn to drive.
He was surprised to learn this.
Do you want to come with us?
It was impossible to pull out the cork.
Are you sure you can do this?
You know I have to go.
He meant no harm.
She meant no harm.
He wants more.
She wants more.
The result was disappointing.
I want to test my limits.
We had fun with it.
He had fun with her.
They had fun with us.
We had some good times.
He's nervous and gets scared easily.
He scares easily.
Not here.
He kept on singing.
She doesn't drink coffee.
He doesn't drink coffee.
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever slipped on a banana peel?
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
They replaced coal with oil.
The clock is made in Switzerland.
This story does not make sense!
This city is located in France.
I have a nosebleed.
The population of Osaka is larger than that of Kyoto.
He took honey instead of sugar.
But what does all this have to do with Tatoeba?
This is a museum piece!
They are happy with the result.
I stayed home because it was raining.
I do not understand her.
"Is it possible to indicate a date on which a language came into life? ""What a question!"" you will be inclined to say. And yet such a date exists: the 26th of July, the Day of Esperanto. On this day in 1887 appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the ""International Language""."
I do not feel guilty.
You should not discriminate against people based on their gender.
I am peeling apples.
I cannot travel by plane.
I am tying my laces. Wait for me!
I am using a new computer.
I cannot whistle.
I accept gifts.
I add sentences.
I have never added sentences to Tatoeba.
Stand up when I am talking to you.
What a pretty flower.
I believe that this is not a good idea.
I'm good at cooking.
I've always played with my brother.
You should exercise more.
I am injured.
Call home!
Call my husband.
I think I'm in love!
What exactly are we paying for?
This smartphone uses an ARM processor.
I feel the same.
And we got a free pizza.
He seemed really nervous.
It's hard to find a totally mechanical pinball machine. These days, they're all electronic.
Please keep it under your hat.
Eat this up.
In February, I was in Sao Paulo.
He missed the deadline.
We missed the deadline.
The Mont Blanc is the tallest mountain in Europe.
Can she do it?
She broke the world record.
This is one of the basic rules.
It's not without risks.
He wants to be more independent.
She wants to be more independent.
It can be confusing at first.
He doesn't take vacations.
He lost everything.
She lost everything.
They lost everything.
Girls aren't welcome.
Girls are not welcome.
He has a small advantage.
She has a small advantage.
What a mess!
Let's hope he's all right.
Nobody moves!
Nobody asked.
She has a fascination with French food.
He would not approve.
She would not approve.
We have to go.
I did it out of curiosity.
It's totally normal.
You're so rude!
I don't work on either Saturday or Sunday.
The bakery is located next to the butcher shop.
This word is not found in the list.
He wrote three books in three years.
In what month were you born?
He speaks in his sleep.
We do not accept tips.
Stop reading.
Smoking can kill.
Unfortunately, she lives abroad.
This is not a tiger.
This theory is scientifically controversial.
Cows have horns.
Cows have udders.
A cow has a long tail.
A truth that's told with bad intent, beats all the lies you can invent.
I can teach you how to sing.
I can teach you how to pray.
I can teach you how to swim.
I can teach you how to cook.
I can teach you something.
I can teach you how to fight.
I've burnt myself.
The building is on fire.
What is Tatoeba?
Why do you always talk about Tatoeba?
I buy milk almost every day.
I write letters almost every day.
I translate articles almost every day.
I speak Chinese almost every day.
There are in my garden a lot of vegetables: lettuce, onion, garlic, etc.
I eat meat almost every day.
I go to the beach almost every day.
May I turn off the TV?
Where's the nearest hospital?
This is ludicrous.
I may be wrong.
She has started acting strangely.
He has started acting strangely.
You'll go far.
He's a construction worker.
He gave me a ride home.
She gave me a ride home.
They had a heated argument.
Put your hands in the air.
There he is.
There she is.
Money isn't everything.
She hired a private investigator.
What are you trying to hide?
Don't tell your mother.
My parents don't know.
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
Bulgarian is like Russian.
I am like my mother.
Don't let him sleep.
Whose glasses are these?
"Whose cows are these? ""They are my grandmother's."""
"Whose documents are these? ""They are Michael's."""
Kamal hasn't read the book yet.
Karima hasn't read the letter yet.
Did you read them?
I know that you are vegetarians.
Do you accept the explanation?
I have an erection.
You have not seen him.
Remember it.
I do not know if it is love.
Son of a bitch!
I'm from the city.
She's in good physical condition.
The air is damp.
We learned English.
Is the product in the ad already out of stock?
Time waits for no one.
Wait!
He will end up in jail.
My children are twins.
This is my grandmother.
Why do you use this font?
I have to wash the dishes.
I have to open my shop.
I have to exercise.
I have to borrow some money.
I have to win.
I have to work.
I have to go to hospital.
I have to hide this bag.
I have to try.
I have to repair the refrigerator.
I have to fix the washing machine.
I am sorry, I've got to go.
I have read your book. It's very interesting.
I have to tighten these bolts.
The thief broke the window.
I usually wake up at six o'clock.
Which instruments do you play?
My father does not like music.
I do not like this song.
Join us.
Life is so complicated.
She is not wrong.
I'm not a lawyer.
This is pathetic.
He had the right idea.
He has no real friends.
She has no real friends.
That was stupid.
He has no remorse.
She has no remorse.
Tatoeba is watching you.
Did you say yes?
You weren't even there.
Does she have a boyfriend?
He has no right to do this.
She has no right to do this.
Not now!
I've seen it with my own eyes.
What the fuck is that?
Do you want to play tennis with us?
We left on July 15.
Who is the boss here?
I beg you, give me a bottle!
He must stay in the hospital for a week.
When was this church built?
What is for dessert?
Why do you not believe in God?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
You decide.
Try!
When was the last time you borrowed books from the library?
When was the last time you played violin?
I will follow your advice.
The girls are excited.
He's done this before.
She's done this before.
Victory, or death!
She thinks she's a genius.
He doesn't understand sarcasm.
She's a professional photographer.
She does this all the time.
We don't need him.
We don't need her.
We don't need you.
This is a very good question.
It doesn't look good at all.
It was very fun.
It's not funny.
I want one!
The player faked an injury.
This guy is a loser.
This girl is a loser.
I can't stand her.
You're making me blush.
Stop. You're making me blush.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, December is the twelfth.
He is not wearing a hat.
He's an oceanographer.
It's too thin.
I have nothing to say to you.
I know some of these girls.
Is anybody hurt?
He knows how to play trumpet.
He knows how to fly a helicopter.
He knows how to shave his beard.
The students like it.
He didn't see a thing.
She didn't see a thing.
I think he regrets having divorced his wife.
He was stoned.
I'm not ready.
He's not ready.
She's not ready.
I lost.
I speak Lojban.
Are you sad?
Why were you fired?
I tripped over a stone.
I'm watching the Olympics.
He won a gold medal.
She won a silver medal.
She won a bronze medal.
He won a bronze medal.
That's a fact.
I'm very happy to be here.
Usain Bolt is the fastest man in the world.
It's an olympic record.
It's a world record.
He was wrong.
She was wrong.
I am happy with my girlfriend.
Where is the Australian embassy?
Where is the Danish embassy?
Where is the Greek embassy?
Where is the Hungarian embassy?
Where is the Russian embassy?
He is a strange person.
He's a strange person.
All his sentences are short.
I have a friend who lives in Germany.
What do you like in Germany?
I'm too old to go to Germany.
Here is the map.
Is this your letter?
Whose beer is this?
This is my beer.
Do you drink beer?
She's her daughter.
Germany has two capital cities.
Are there still wolves in Germany?
I like to brush my teeth with this toothpaste.
I like to make my wife happy.
Our teacher is a real idiot.
I haven't read all of her novels.
I have never been to Germany.
What do you want to do in Germany?
I have wine.
This is your wine.
Is this wine?
We have wine.
This is her handbag.
He is gay.
Joshua is gay.
I want to live in the city.
This pencil is red.
Can you call him?
He's rarely on the Internet.
I rarely see him on the Internet.
Hello again.
I'm a housewife.
Laurie is beautiful.
Laurie lives in Melbourne.
I live in Moscow.
This paper is white.
I'm from Greece.
I'm from Croatia.
This isn't good.
I'm from Romania.
I'm from Bulgaria.
My house is small.
Tom works at home.
Your dog is over there.
Listen to your mother!
Get down here!
How much?
I like their house.
He's a gardener.
The weather is sunny.
I live in Turkey.
I love life.
This dictionary is mine.
I want to live in Australia.
I love autumn.
I love summer.
You can't blame him.
I can't blame you.
I can't blame her.
I can't blame him.
Logic has no place here.
This is different.
He asked me to do it.
She asked me to do it.
Your father won't buy it.
No one will change anything.
Do you drink green tea?
I admit that I was wrong.
Cats don't like getting wet.
Begin!
This clock is mine.
I think I touched a nerve.
I'm very fortunate.
This should be fun.
Is something bothering you?
He has a new woman in his life.
She has fallen in love with me.
Everybody needs one.
Don't be so impatient.
He cooked me dinner.
I'll rip your head off!
He'll rip my head off.
He's self-employed.
She's self-employed.
He knows what's going on.
She knows what's going on.
She was voted prom queen.
He intrigues me.
She intrigues me.
She was in the right place at the right time.
This is not my car.
I am your father.
Nobody likes her.
I have a different opinion.
Where is the difference?
Come taste!
I need more examples to know how this word is used.
No need to translate this sentence. I understand it.
I am tired!
A lot of people think that bats are birds.
And now, it's my turn!
I'm listening to a Harry Potter audio book with the Walkman I just bought.
It's too risky.
My mother is a lawyer.
Most of her friends are boys.
She had a perfect alibi.
Would you like to have some tea?
She said that she saw a suspicious man.
This loaf of bread is small.
Vanuatu is in Oceania.
Laurie is twenty years old.
I'm Turkish.
Don't be fooled by her appearance.
The German energy reform is unaffordable.
Prophesy to the wind, to the wind only for only the wind will listen.
Tom and Mary both have very few friends.
He parties too much.
You are such a liar!
He doesn't have a computer.
She doesn't have a computer.
He's a total wreck.
I lied to my parents.
Did you lie to your parents?
Why do you want to do this?
No one believed me.
No one believed him.
No one believes him.
No one believes her.
No one will believe him.
No one will believe her.
No one will believe you.
No one will believe us.
You should thank me.
He should thank me.
She should thank me.
I didn't know you had a boyfriend.
I know very little about her.
I know very little about him.
The situation is critical.
There's a lot to do.
Who wrote the book?
He is not young.
Willingness to correct is an indication of wisdom.
I saw the movie.
Has Europe lost its soul?
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
He works in a call center.
She works in a call center.
It's kind of creepy.
You must be mistaken.
Stay down!
I must warn her.
I must warn them.
This is not a good idea.
Don't touch anything.
We're leaving.
We're running out of time.
They sound disappointed.
I understand your concern.
Oslo is the capital of Norway.
I don't need you anymore.
We don't have much in common.
It's true that Americans love pizza.
I rescued her.
I rescued the cat.
He's here to protect you.
She comes from a small but wealthy town.
She's a jealous woman.
It's perfectly legal.
It's a shortcut.
Do you know what they're called?
Do you know what it's called?
He still has much to learn.
I'm not sure I'm ready.
I'm in charge here.
That's why I'm here.
Nuclear power is safe.
I hate myself.
She hates herself.
He hates himself.
Yes, master.
Yes, mistress.
I think you're jealous.
He thinks I'm jealous.
She thinks I'm jealous.
It's all your fault.
He had a crush on her.
She had a crush on him.
This is nothing.
She's your friend.
This is a mistake.
The cat is wet.
I don't believe you.
I'm so confused.
This book is written in a rather simple English and is thus suitable for beginners.
Who taught you German?
Who teaches you German?
Thank you, Captain Obvious.
The only secret that women can keep is the one they don't know about.
I'm eating here.
I can hide everywhere.
They work at night.
We are going to the cemetery.
The only real science is the knowledge of facts.
I can't see you.
She doesn't speak English.
I am reading this sentence.
I am learning Swedish and German.
I am reading this letter.
Tell me; who is this young man?
I have a home.
I need to work.
He's a fully independent young man.
My friend Marcelo writes in Latin.
He is incompetent.
She is incompetent.
Don't ask me to do that.
Don't ask me to do this.
Edith Piaf was a French singer.
I don't like to use Google Translator.
Where are the guards?
Are you afraid of a little girl?
I will not add sentences in Russian.
Do you write in Arabic?
Andorra is a small principality situated between Spain and France.
Armenia joined the World Trade Organization in 2003.
He is blinded by love.
She is blinded by love.
It's popular with students.
It's popular with women.
I can't live without my cat.
She's extremely happy.
He's extremely happy.
The cat seems extremely happy.
This is an unusual situation.
You are entitled to your opinion.
They cannot be saved.
He cannot be saved.
Why is he so popular?
I loved you.
Is he all right?
He's all right.
She's all right.
I'm all right.
Take a seat.
When was the last time you saw the cat?
It's crawling with spiders.
The children are safe.
The cats are safe.
Treat her well.
He's angry at the world.
She's angry at the world.
I must know the truth.
I must know the truth about her.
Are you a criminal?
She's going to regret this.
Don't repeat the same mistake!
There are too many of them.
I did it for you.
Better him than me.
Better her than me.
He's rich.
She's a powerful witch.
Has it arrived?
He feels hurt.
She feels hurt.
I love California.
I can smell the ocean.
What a great idea!
He fell in love with a younger woman.
That way!
He took a big risk.
My cat will love this.
The prophecy came true.
She can't be trusted.
The dogs died inside the hot vehicle.
I won't die.
I'm not dead.
It did not end well.
I have no regrets.
It won't be easy.
He'll be back soon.
She is a psychic.
He is a psychic.
Cats are nocturnal animals.
I'm not a scientist.
That would be unfair.
Stealing is wrong.
It's not a secret.
Boil the water.
Nobody visits my country.
This is your fate.
This is my fate.
I'll give her a hand.
It could be a trap.
We need you.
She needs you.
He needs you.
He was impressed.
She was impressed.
They were not impressed.
Stop following me.
What does she want?
What does the cat want?
I didn't write that letter.
Read the article.
I must know.
Something's wrong here.
You are no longer welcome here.
He is no longer welcome here.
She is no longer welcome here.
Someone's coming.
Somebody's coming.
He's coming.
We got separated.
Do you want something to eat?
He must be very happy.
I hope she's all right.
I hope he's all right.
She wrote a novel about vampires.
You cannot live without water.
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.
Do you want to eat anything?
Knowing is power.
What if you're wrong?
I prefer not to talk about it.
A thief believes everybody steals.
He wants to spend time with his daughter.
She wants to spend time with her daughter.
I hate computers.
We have no alternatives.
Something isn't right.
Let him talk.
Let her talk.
Let me talk.
Nobody forced you to help me.
She lacks confidence.
Don't be scared.
I love kids.
She drives me crazy.
Your cat is driving me crazy.
People are dying.
Speak!
She is not afraid to die.
I like the smell of fresh bread.
Armenia is a mountainous country.
Austria is a member of the European Union.
What is the first song called?
This is my sister's camera.
My sister is three years old.
Are you waiting for the bus?
Her sister lives in Scotland.
Have you written a book?
I was happy for her.
It wasn't me.
She likes money.
He likes money.
She never asked me.
It's exactly as I expected.
It's not a fair fight.
Look!
Is that you?
That is Pierrot's sister.
Is it a joke?
We're not alone.
She's making progress.
She doesn't look happy to see us.
The cat doesn't look happy to see us.
Oh, no!
I have to warn him.
The feeling is mutual.
Is it important?
My cat loves toys.
My cat loves catnip.
I'm still young.
Scorpions are dangerous.
This is so stupid.
You are so stupid.
He was scared to do it.
She was scared to do it.
Your sentences are too difficult to translate.
Art is a serious thing.
He writhes like a worm.
There are books here.
My brother has no money.
It's difficult to learn Greek.
I wake up very early.
I like your article.
Stop filming.
I'm looking for my mobile phone.
He is the stingiest person I know.
Eat fruit!
You should eat vegetables.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
There are no stupid questions.
That's a stupid question!
Can we save the planet?
It has happened before.
Give me the car key, please.
You're making a big mistake.
She has a beautiful tan.
He has a beautiful tan.
She kicked her boyfriend out of the house.
They don't want you to know.
You're in big trouble.
He's in big trouble.
She's in big trouble.
That's all I have to say.
This looks good.
An old tree provides shade.
I'm going to my grandmother's.
The brother of my father is my uncle.
I never drink tea with milk.
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
I miss the army.
Keep reading.
"Croatia is called ""Hrvatska"" in Croatian."
"Singapore is called ""Xīnjiāpō"" in Chinese."
Australia is the largest country in Oceania.
Madagascar is the largest island of Africa.
France is the largest country in Western Europe.
Would you like more mashed potatoes?
He'll be safe with me.
You'll be safe with him.
You'll be safe with her.
The bridge is closed.
She's an art student.
She hasn't talked to me since.
It was the best night of my life.
Kids are smarter than you think.
Cats are smarter than you think.
Keep it warm.
My girlfriend was crying.
My boyfriend was crying.
My girlfriend is crying.
I'm not a hero.
He's not a hero.
She's not a hero.
You don't have enough experience.
He doesn't have enough experience.
She doesn't have enough experience.
I agree with your proposal.
I have to open the window.
I love aubergine.
He didn't want to go to Japan.
My friend went back to Japan.
He wrote me from Japan.
I'm a truck driver.
He learns Portuguese in Brazil.
Did you love me?
Did you really love me?
He loves us.
They love us.
He helps us.
She helps us.
He gives us money.
You sell us fish.
You need us.
He was killed in the earthquake.
Europe is in crisis.
The roses in my garden are beautiful.
Love is crazy.
Nobody will notice.
You should take a vacation.
Don't worry, present day cosmetic surgery is much better than what it used to be in Doctor Frankenstein's days.
Give me the salt, please.
No Japanese girl is called Tatoeba.
Do men cry?
Men never cry.
Life is full of mysteries.
Don't feel embarrassed. These things happen.
He runs the business with his sons.
They went surfing.
He went surfing.
She went surfing.
Are you hiring?
You don't want to know.
Thanks for coming.
Where's my money?
They want more.
I have been expecting you.
It belongs to me now.
Prepare to die.
How many states does India have?
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
How many museums are there in Oslo?
How many bus stations are there in this city?
How many brothers and sisters does Tom have?
How many books are there in this library?
There are around three thousand mosques in Istanbul.
How many spectators were there at the stadium?
How many friends do you have on Facebook?
How many lakes are there in Finland?
How many volcanoes are there on this island?
How many stars are there in our galaxy?
How many sentences did you translate on Tatoeba?
How many meters are there in a kilometer?
How many chromosomes does a human being have?
How many continents are there in the world?
How many cats does Tom have?
He looked at me and smiled.
Tom wants to be a lawyer.
Do they live in Algeria?
I'm just a tourist.
Thanks for the compliment.
I'll be ready.
May I ask why?
You should know that.
I miss college.
I don't have anything to tell her.
I forgot to turn off the light.
That's why people love you.
Do you go there often?
Without you, I'm nothing.
Nothing has been decided yet.
He isn’t blind from birth.
Is that a llama?
Why am I so tired?
The economy has opened up a faultline in the Atlantic, announces La Stampa, reporting on the impact of recent remarks by Barack Obama which imply that the poor management of the Eurozone crisis is to blame for the feeble outlook for growth in the US.
Her mother is American.
Islamabad is the capital of Pakistan.
Please don't tell anyone.
Please keep it a secret.
Her skin is white like snow.
That book costs 3,000 yen.
I cannot explain it to you now.
She won't be in time for the meeting.
Wake him up.
Wake her up.
Wake them up.
I lit the candles.
He lit the candles.
She lit the candles.
The dog is theirs.
You are wearing expensive earrings.
They know who he is.
You know who she is.
I know who I am.
He knows who we are.
He knows who they are.
We know who they are.
I was very happy.
You were very happy.
She was very happy.
Istanbul is the city she likes the most.
I'm hit!
French bread is delicious.
What do you really think?
Are you sure about that?
It's like a drug.
It's not logical.
They need the money.
You have brought shame upon our family.
You're safe now.
You give up too easily.
After taking a bath, Tom ate dinner.
Has Tom eaten yet?
Tom ate all of the chocolate.
Tom ate something.
Tom ate the leftover pizza for breakfast.
Tom eats rice almost every day.
Tom has already eaten.
Tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager.
Tom often eats popcorn when he's watching a movie.
Tom says that he's just eaten.
No one ate anything.
Let's eat.
Let's eat lunch outside.
I've eaten all the crackers.
I don't want to eat this.
I don't want to eat anything.
I didn't eat lunch yesterday.
I didn't eat anything.
I ate pizza every day last week.
Horses eat grass.
Tom couldn't swim.
He's working on it.
Can I touch it?
I can't afford it.
Please don't touch this.
How did we get into this situation?
How did you learn to cook so well?
How do we do that?
His English is excellent.
My brother wants to visit Liechtenstein.
Show me how to do this.
I'm not a thief.
I'm not a crook.
I've done it before.
Why are you two always fighting?
Whales are not fish. They are mammals.
Thanks for the advice.
She has a photographic memory.
He has a photographic memory.
The answer is 42.
Computers are better than us.
I'm from the future.
Does he like me?
Does she like me?
I saw this movie a very long time ago.
What did Shakespeare write?
Where was Michael Jackson buried?
She's a tree hugger.
He will notice sooner or later.
I pretended that I didn't see it.
I've never stopped loving you.
I'll take care of you.
Do as you're told.
He's a gambler.
He was the last to leave.
She was the last to leave.
Life has a 100% fatality rate.
I only wanted to be helpful.
I'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be delighted to sing for you.
I'd love to sing for you.
We'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be happy to sing for you.
Are you spying on me?
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.
Where are the parents?
Lie still.
As far as I know, Tom is still married.
Can I make copies?
Do you want to stop?
How far do we have to go?
How long do I have to stay?
Hurry up or you'll be late.
I don't believe that.
I don't have anywhere else to go.
I have a decision to make.
I have a ton of work to do today.
I haven't been sleeping very much lately.
I hope it was worth it.
I like working with you.
I need more money.
I think this is mine.
I'll be praying for you.
I'm counting on it.
I'm hungry.
I'm not done.
I'm not so sure.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
I'm starving.
If you don't know, who does?
Let's get some sleep.
Nobody wants to do that.
Thank you very much.
There is a message for you.
There's nothing more to say.
We both want to go to Boston.
Were you there?
What are we going to do?
What are you drinking?
What did you find?
What would you like?
What're you doing?
What's the score?
When did you find out?
Where did you hear that?
Why are we still talking about this?
Why didn't you do it?
Which part hasn't been translated?
I don't want to translate anything today.
I don't know how to translate this quote.
Where was the princess?
Don't look down.
Yiddish is written with the Hebrew alphabet.
Get my rifle.
Give me a second.
Give me the ball.
Hurry home.
Release him.
Say that again.
Stay with me.
Stop yelling.
Take a card.
Wait here.
Don't forget that.
This is an epic fail.
This is an epic novel.
I can't control it.
I'm a natural blonde.
There is no cure for schizophrenia.
I don't want to go to jail.
Tom looks scared.
Tom looked surprised.
Tom is not dead.
Tom is anorexic.
Tom can't talk.
Listen to Tom.
Is Tom doing okay?
Is Tom all right?
I asked Tom.
You're not listening to me.
You're not dead yet.
You're creative.
You're a traitor.
Who said I stole the money?
Who do we owe money to?
Where've you been?
Where's the butter?
Where are my parents?
When can you start?
What is it you want most?
What happens now?
What do you see?
What do these markings mean?
What did I miss?
What are you watching?
We'll talk about this later.
We were too late.
We sure had fun, didn't we?
We succeeded.
We made it.
They're waiting for you.
They'll be fine.
There's no way out.
There is no one there.
The sun has set.
The rescue workers arrived two hours too late.
The food is spoiled.
That was amazing.
That is all.
Something's missing.
See you later.
Please don't go away.
Parties are fun.
Mary's my niece.
Lower your voice.
Let's talk about this later.
Let's take the short cut.
Let's put it to a vote.
It smells bad.
Isn't that right?
I'm your best friend.
I'm willing to apologize.
I'm looking for someone.
I'm going to teach you some karate.
I'm going to miss you.
I'll prove it to you.
I'll get rid of them.
I'll ask him.
I think we need more coffee.
I play baseball.
I love your garden.
I love jokes.
I love games.
I know your son.
I know this will work.
I just want to help.
I highly doubt that.
I have a better idea.
I got my hair cut yesterday.
I don't want to go.
I don't understand it.
I don't really have a gun.
I don't really have a cold.
I don't know where I'm going.
I don't believe it.
I didn't see you.
I didn't cheat.
I can't see.
I can't go in there.
I can't do it right away.
I can do this.
I believed you.
I appreciate it.
I actually enjoyed that.
How late do you stay open?
Fasten your seatbelts.
Does anybody here have a corkscrew?
Do you smell something?
Do you have some wine?
Did you hear it too?
Aren't those your parents?
Are you up?
Are you getting tired?
I've never told anyone.
It's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
I've never told anyone that my father is in prison.
In the German language there are many long words.
Football is a sport.
I'm buying.
Come down here.
Get out of the van.
Get that thing off of me.
Give me a hug.
Grab my hand.
Leave a message.
Let me give you a hug.
Pull over here.
Start the car.
Try not to look so nervous.
Walk this way.
Don't kill me.
Don't say anything.
I've learnt to cook.
That woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
Tom has a dog named Cookie.
Stop staring at me.
Stay away from that place.
Loosen up.
Let me pay for your coffee.
Give me your phone.
Give me your address.
Get out of my office.
Don't look at me.
Don't go in my room.
Don't drink the water.
Don't be a stranger.
Ask him his name.
Ask her her name.
Ask her what her name is.
I had to leave Warsaw and make my living somewhere else.
I have a lot of old books. A couple of them are quite valuable.
Tom ate his fill.
You should eat.
Would you rather eat a mouse or a tarantula?
What do you like to eat for lunch?
What do Italians usually eat for lunch?
It's been a while since I've eaten anything with mustard.
It's a nice day to eat outside.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
I'm really hungry. I haven't eaten all week.
I haven't eaten in four days.
I already ate.
Have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate?
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
Do ants have ears?
The party's over.
It's the cops!
He was obviously drunk.
She's a member of a sorority.
The protesters set many cars on fire.
He was drunk and angry.
She sent me a friend request.
He sent me a friend request.
He refused my friend request.
Your zipper is open.
I want a room with a view.
I like the Tatoeba logo.
Don't tell my boyfriend.
Don't tell my husband.
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.
You're a nervous wreck.
He's a nervous wreck.
She's a nervous wreck.
I do it because I enjoy it.
They were unimpressed.
Do it tomorrow.
Don't trust Tom.
Stay with Tom.
Take Tom home.
Tell me what we're doing here.
Take a number.
Stop right here.
Show yourself.
Save yourself.
Open the safe.
Make your move.
Get your hands off me.
Get rid of her.
Get in the van.
Don't remind me.
Be careful.
How're you doing?
Wake up.
Wait one second.
Wait a second.
Try and stop me.
Take one of these.
Stay back.
Leave us alone.
Just follow them.
Come back tomorrow.
Check your pockets.
Bite your tongue.
Why should I go to school?
Be attentive.
Laura is Brazillian.
Where is the cat?
She's an angel.
I didn't do anything!
Are we leaving?
Are we leaving soon?
Tell Tom I said hi.
Give me your shirt.
Give me two minutes.
Get your clothes on.
Quit bothering me.
Please smile.
Stop me if you can.
Sign the guest book.
Show me your passport.
Hug me.
Go kiss someone else.
Don't wait up for me.
Don't admit anything.
Don't act like you don't know how to dance.
My dog needs a walk.
Don't worry about things that aren't important.
It's very interesting.
I was young and innocent.
He looks like his mother.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
I love my daughter.
My husband is lazy.
They abandoned their children in the forest.
Do you want to sleep on the couch?
How will you stop her?
Do you still have feelings for her?
Do you still have feelings for him?
She's good.
She's my half-sister.
He's my half-brother.
It's not enough.
He's doing his best.
She's doing her best.
Why are you doing this to me?
Don't do this to me!
I had something else in mind.
She speaks German.
I'd like to teach you Chinese in exchange for your teaching me another language.
My son won't listen to me.
I could keep it a secret.
She tricked me.
Trick or treat.
Nice shot!
Why would you do something like that?
Is this art?
"Tom likes Mary. ""Yeah, I know."""
What kind of fish is that?
Hello.
He doesn't speak my language.
Don't worry. It's easy.
Don't worry about it, OK?
Don't waste your time.
Don't wait for me for dinner.
Don't touch my stuff.
Don't tell anyone.
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to me like that.
Don't sleep in the bathtub.
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.
Don't leave.
Don't leave town.
Don't go there now.
Don't forget your bag.
Don't forget to floss.
Don't even think about it.
Don't drink that.
Don't dodge the question.
Don't do this.
Don't do it.
Don't die.
Don't be so negative.
Don't be so lazy.
Don't be disgusting.
Tell Tom I love him.
Tell Mary I love her.
Take out the trash.
Stop the car.
Stop that.
Stop pretending you don't know me.
Stop or I'll shoot.
Stop calling me Tom.
Let me take a gander.
Let me call you back.
Leave my family alone.
Keep your hands off me.
Keep calm.
Just use mine for now.
Just close your eyes.
Just answer the question.
Go home. Get some rest.
Go back to work.
Get some sleep.
Find out where Tom is.
Cool down.
Come outside.
Come on, sing with me.
Come back here.
Be cool.
Ask Tom to help you.
Hebrew is my mother tongue.
Hebrew is my native tongue.
I don't live in Finland.
Smell this flower.
Can we have a moment alone?
I was not disappointed.
He was not disappointed.
I got it for free.
There are highs and lows in life, said the elevator operator.
Do as I say, not as I do.
How horrible!
Nobody did anything.
He's not the right man for me.
Which online dictionary do you use most?
I have been living in Rio de Janeiro for four years.
One day you'll understand.
I can't believe she did this to me.
Were you crying?
They both laughed.
I saw him naked.
They'll be coming to the party too.
Science is very exciting.
No one agreed with him.
The 26th of September is the European Day of Languages. The Council of Europe wants to draw attention to the multilingual heritage of Europe, to foster the evolution of multilingualism in society and to encourage citizens to learn languages​​. Tatoeba, as an easy-to-use learning tool and an active community, promotes the study and appreciation of languages in a very practical way.
The bread is not fresh.
The school is only a five-minute walk away.
The capital of France is Paris.
I have two eyes.
Are you drinking green tea?
Tom is older than me.
The weather is good today.
I eat bread.
Tom will be there.
Tom went ballistic.
Tom wasn't expecting this.
Tom was right.
Tom was in a wheelchair.
Tom was here a minute ago.
Tom was electrocuted.
Tom was abducted.
Tom wants to talk to you.
Tom wants to play.
Tom wants to help.
Tom wants me to apologize.
Tom wanted to protect Mary.
Tom used to bake us cookies.
Tom typed in the password.
Tom turned pale.
Tom turned on the light.
Tom took the ring off his finger.
Tom told Mary to go home.
Tom taught me how to cook.
Tom stepped off the train.
Tom slammed down the phone.
Tom seems stressed.
Tom seems sincere.
Tom seems nice.
Tom seems a little nervous.
Tom seemed lost.
Tom scares me.
Tom sat down on the couch.
Tom sat down next to Mary.
Tom rolled up his sleeves.
Tom put his wallet on the table.
Tom poured himself a drink.
Tom passed out.
Tom ordered pizza.
Tom opened his eyes and saw Mary.
Tom never came back.
Tom needs me.
Tom needs help.
Tom might be right.
Tom made a decision.
Tom looks sick.
Tom looks relieved.
Tom looks disgusted.
Tom looks confused.
Tom looks annoyed.
Tom looks angry.
Tom looks a little nervous.
Tom looked great.
Tom lives on a boat.
Tom likes it hot.
Tom leaned on the counter.
Tom leads a quiet life.
Tom knows he's right.
Tom knows he has no choice.
Tom kissed Mary's forehead.
Tom just went on vacation.
Tom just disappeared.
Tom isn't dead.
Tom is working.
Tom is waiting for you.
Tom is upstairs.
Tom is unstoppable.
Tom is too young.
Tom is still crying.
Tom is still asleep.
Tom is still alive.
Tom is sitting at his desk.
Tom is not welcome in this house.
Tom is my husband.
Tom is my hero.
Tom is married.
Tom is looking at me.
Tom is in the shower.
Tom is hiding something.
Tom is handsome.
Tom is furious.
Tom is dumbfounded.
Tom is disappointed.
Tom is dead.
Tom is confused.
Tom is back in town.
Tom is at the airport.
Tom is an orphan.
Tom is already in Boston.
Tom is a guest.
Tom is a good friend.
Tom is a billionaire.
Tom hates you.
Tom hates me.
Tom has to go home.
Tom has passed out.
Tom has his father's eyes.
Tom has been up all night.
Tom got remarried recently.
Tom got in the car.
Tom fastened his seat belt.
Tom entered his password.
Tom drank a glass of wine.
Tom doesn't live here.
Tom doesn't know.
Tom doesn't have a home.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
Tom died alone.
Tom didn't see it.
Tom didn't kill Mary.
Tom couldn't have done it.
Tom couldn't find Mary.
Tom comes here every day.
Tom can't walk.
Tom can't see you.
Tom can't hurt me.
Tom can't control himself.
Tom came by himself.
Tom and Mary went outside.
Tom and Mary stopped kissing.
Ignore Tom.
Answer my question.
He is talking on the phone.
Is that your mother?
I don't want to be rich.
I want to be rich.
There may be some truth to this.
Do you have an alibi?
Wood floats.
This is wrong.
We want justice.
This is sabotage.
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
You have many friends.
He has many friends.
She has many friends.
Call them this evening.
I am not thirsty.
It's almost impossible.
It's nearly impossible.
He has a second job.
The rain is wonderful.
I don't have books to read.
That doesn't change anything.
Tom came out of his hiding place.
I am reading a letter.
I got hurt while running.
Do you agree with me?
Do you really want to live in Boston?
The life span of a butterfly is short.
Why don't you answer?
I am fed up with talking to you!
Tom is dead, isn't he?
Tom, are you okay?
Tom, where are you?
Tom's house is on fire.
When I lived in Rome, I took the subway every day.
I'm sorry about the other day.
I'm sorry. I don't have a lot of time.
The psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions.
I love the smell of pancakes in the morning.
I love dessert.
I took that picture a week ago.
Thank you.
Darwin changed the world.
Darwin changed everything.
One learns from one's mistakes.
He has no choice.
I have no choice.
You have no choice.
They have no choice.
Do they have money?
Does she have money?
Does he have money?
What are the rules?
I never told anyone.
He never told anyone.
She never told anyone.
What does he want?
Tom, answer me!
I'm making progress.
I would also take a lot of money.
Tom is hurt.
It's just a game.
She's a bad influence.
School is a waste of time.
School is not a waste of time.
Tom can't even read.
What more do you need?
He sounds angry.
Tom and Mary aren't coming.
Tom is asleep in his chair.
Tom is still awake.
Tom is the boy who broke the window.
Tom looked tired.
Tom looked upset.
Tom sounded happy.
Tom sounded upset.
Tom took Mary to the hospital.
Be very careful.
Let's ask.
I hate my parents.
I love my parents.
I couldn't breathe.
Where did you lose them?
Attention, please!
He turned off the light.
It's your problem, not mine.
It's his problem, not mine.
It's her problem, not mine.
She's an intelligent young woman.
Did you use a condom?
Having unprotected sex is dangerous.
I hate when this happens.
I am from France.
I'm from France.
I am from England.
I am from Portugal.
He denied it.
I think he's lying.
I think she's lying.
This is not my first time riding a bicycle.
It's slow and boring.
He got bored after fifteen minutes.
He got bored quickly.
I am speechless.
I know where it is.
He's annoying.
I'm too old for this.
She was pleasantly surprised.
I used to love that.
Barack Obama is a Christian.
He can't sing.
She can't sing.
I can't sing.
The night's still young.
I like her attitude.
I like his attitude.
I want to see it.
She did not want him to leave.
The surgeon removed the wrong organ.
The surgeon amputated the wrong leg.
It's human nature.
The surgeon forgot something inside the patient.
Everybody makes mistakes.
Tom likes to watch Mary dance.
Tom just stood there watching everybody dance.
Where did you take them off?
How's Tom doing?
How's school?
How much is that?
How much did that cost?
How many did you get?
How long do we have?
How does it work?
How did you know my name?
How did you get into Harvard?
How did you get hurt?
How did you get here?
How did you find us?
How did that happen?
How can we thank you?
How can we do that?
How can I help?
How are you now?
How are you going to do that?
Hey. What's going on?
Have you slept?
Have you ever been married?
Have you been listening to me?
Don't you want to go?
Don't you remember my name?
Don't you recognize them?
Does Tom know?
Does it really matter?
Do you want to try it?
Do you want kids?
Do you smoke cigars?
Do you see anything?
Do you promise?
Do you love Tom?
Do you know who he was?
Do you know what they want?
Do you know Tom?
Do you know Tom personally?
Do you have to go now?
Do you have any cash?
Do you have a phone?
Do you believe me now?
Do we have a choice?
Do I look OK?
Do I have to pay you?
Do all of you speak French?
Did you tell Tom?
Did you make any new friends?
Did you kill Tom?
Did you hear it?
Did you have fun?
Did you have fun tonight?
Did you go to Tom's funeral?
Did you find Tom?
Did you buy Tom a dog?
Did you buy a new car?
Did Tom talk to you about Mary?
Did Tom get hurt in the accident yesterday?
Did Tom call?
Did Tom call while I was out?
Did they say why?
Did they say how?
Did somebody get hurt?
Did I miss something?
Did I miss much?
Did I do that?
Could you read this for me?
Can you start tomorrow?
Can you help us?
Can we just go home?
Can we afford it now?
Can Tom get a dog?
Can I talk to you?
Can I sit down?
Can I see you again?
Can I see that?
Are you threatening me?
Are you still playing the guitar?
Are you still playing golf?
Are you still married?
Are you still at home?
Are you making fun of me?
Are you making friends here?
Are you here to arrest me?
Are you going out?
Are you following me?
Are you crying?
Are you coming with us?
Are you blushing?
Are you almost ready?
Are you afraid of me?
Are you a policeman?
Are we going far?
Are we friends?
Are we done here?
Are those my earrings?
Are those for me?
Am I talking too fast?
Am I going to die?
Am I disturbing you?
Would you excuse me?
Would Tom like that?
Will Tom die?
Why is Tom crying?
Why do you hate Tom so much?
Why do you hate me?
Why did you stop?
Why am I here?
Whose side are you on?
Whose phone is that?
Whose idea was that?
Whose bed is that?
Whose are they?
Who's Tom?
Whose office is this?
Who's laughing?
Who's laughing now?
Who would care?
Who was that?
Who took the money?
Who else knows?
Who did this to you?
Which key is it?
Where's your suitcase?
Where's your dog?
Where's Tom?
Where's the car?
Where's the bag?
Where's my phone?
Where's my car?
Where's everyone?
Where's a mirror?
Where will you go?
Where have you been lately?
Where do you want to eat?
Where do we start?
Where did you put my keys?
Where did you meet my father?
Where did you learn that?
Where did you buy this guitar?
Where can I find Tom?
Where are your car keys?
Where are we now?
Where are we going to go?
Where are they?
Where are the car keys?
Where are my things?
When's the funeral?
When was that?
When is Tom coming?
When do we start?
When did Tom say that?
What's Tom's problem?
What's Tom doing here?
What's this for?
What's the alternative?
What's that smell?
What's that scar from?
What's so funny?
What's my prize?
What's it like?
What's it about?
What's his name?
What's causing the delay?
What're you good at?
What'll we do?
What was the problem?
What was inside?
What scared you?
What is this for?
What is going on here?
What is all this?
What happens tomorrow?
What happened next?
What else do you need?
What else did Tom say?
What else can you do?
What do you want me to say?
What do you remember?
What do you know?
What do you have to do?
What do you call that?
What do we have here?
What do we do now?
What did you see?
What did you learn?
What did you call me?
What did we miss?
What did Tom want?
What did Tom say about me?
What did Tom do?
What did they want?
What can you give me?
What brings you here?
What are your orders?
What are you writing?
What are you wearing?
What are you still doing here?
What are we waiting for?
What are we doing?
What are those?
Were you shot at?
Wasn't it supposed to rain?
Was Tom murdered?
Was there much damage?
Was anybody killed?
This is a joke, right?
So what happened?
Should we worry?
Shall we order?
Is Tom there?
Is Tom successful?
Is Tom conscious?
Is Tom alive?
Is that Tom?
Is that possible?
Is that important?
Is that for me?
Is that correct?
Is that better?
Is that an order?
Is that a threat?
Is that a promise?
Is that a problem?
Is that a good thing?
Is that a fact?
You're a woman now.
You're a man now.
She's a man now.
He's a woman now.
He's a man now.
She doesn't shave her legs.
She left me the keys.
Have you ever ridden a mule?
That's where I was born.
They have one too.
He's not a bad boy.
Can he see us?
I almost forgot to do my homework.
I already did that.
I can do it myself.
I can hardly breathe.
I can hear the wind.
I can help you.
I can't be sure.
I can't do it alone.
I can't feel my legs.
I can't find it.
I can't get involved.
I can't go with you tonight.
I can't hear a thing.
I can't hear Tom.
I can't make it.
I can't work with you if you don't trust me.
I come here every day.
I could kiss you.
I couldn't care less.
I couldn't lie to you.
I did nothing.
I did you a favor.
I didn't do it.
I didn't kill anyone.
I didn't kill Tom.
I didn't need your help.
I didn't notice Tom had gone.
I didn't say anything.
I didn't write anything.
I do feel pretty good.
I don't believe this.
I don't deserve this.
I don't even know how old Tom is.
I don't have anything else.
I don't have time to explain.
I don't have to be here.
I don't know how old Tom is.
I don't know Tom.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know who Tom's wife is.
I don't need any help.
I don't think you understand.
I don't trust anyone.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
I don't want to lose Mary.
I don't want to marry you.
I don't want to talk about that.
I don't want you to change.
I feel bad about what I said.
I felt responsible.
I found out something.
I found your diary.
I guess you're right.
I hate cops like him.
I hate my voice.
I hate surprises.
I hate this part of the movie.
I have a classmate who says he can speak French fluently.
I have an announcement.
I have an appointment.
I have another idea.
I have another question.
I have back problems.
I have lots of friends.
I have my own theory.
I have so many ideas.
I have to change.
I have to do this alone.
I have to do this.
I have to get home.
I have to go to work now.
I have to go.
I have to see Tom.
I haven't had much sleep.
I haven't talked to Tom yet.
I hear laughing.
I heard a noise.
I heard it on TV.
I heard voices.
I hope Tom is OK.
I hope Tom says no.
I hope you don't mind.
I hope you're hungry.
I hope you're right.
I just couldn't say no.
I just found it.
I just met him.
I just need a minute.
I just want to go home.
I just want to rest.
I just want to talk.
I just want you to be happy.
I knew I'd find you here.
I knew you'd be mad.
I knew you'd like it.
I know how this works.
I know something you don't.
I know this is hard.
I know what I said.
I know what I want.
I know what you're doing.
I know what you're thinking.
I know what's right.
I know what's wrong.
I know you're right.
I left you a message.
I like how Tom thinks.
I like to be prepared.
I like your dog.
I like your hair.
I like your hat.
I liked your story.
I lost an earring.
I lost track of time.
I love that dress.
I love that movie.
I love this job.
I love this town.
I love you both.
I love your eyes.
I love your hair.
I made a few changes.
I made that one.
I need a lawyer.
I need some sleep.
I need some water.
I need the car keys.
I need to see Tom.
I need you here.
I never saw you.
I never touched Tom.
I never wanted to hurt you.
I owe you an explanation.
I prefer to walk.
I read your report.
I really want to see you.
I said get out.
I said stay back.
I saved your life.
I saw everything.
I saw Tom tonight.
I saw what you did.
I sent Tom home.
I shouldn't have drunk so much beer last night.
I shouldn't have gone there.
I spent the whole day in the park.
I spent the whole day playing with my kids.
I still don't like it.
I think I'm in love.
I think it's time to go home.
I think Tom is lying.
I think Tom is still breathing.
I think Tom left.
I think Tom needs your help.
I think we should go.
I think you're ready.
I think you're too picky.
I thought I had enough money.
I told Tom to go home.
I told you I don't know how to do that.
I totally understand.
I want a lawyer.
I want a raise.
I want revenge.
I want to apologize.
I want to believe you.
I want to dream.
I want to get out of here.
I want to go back.
I want to meet Tom.
I want to stay.
I want to watch what's on TV right now.
I want Tom to be happy.
I want you to be happy.
I wanted to go home.
I was afraid of that.
I was in all day.
I was sleeping.
I wasn't ready.
I will take it.
I wish that were true.
I won't say anything.
I wonder why the police didn't find the gun.
I want a family.
I'm free!
She told everyone.
He told everyone.
Tom is reading the Bible.
I know that you still love me.
Prostitution is legal in Germany.
DNA tests showed he was innocent.
I'm not complaining.
He made a lot of money.
I'd like to see you again.
I'll be at Tom's.
I'll be fine.
I'll be going with you.
I'll call you a cab.
I'll come and get you.
I'll do it now.
I'll dream about you.
I'll get my keys.
I'll get you a towel.
I'll give you a ride home.
I'll go ask Tom.
I'll go with you.
I'll help you.
I'll pay you.
I'll take that.
I'll take you to Tom.
I'll tell you.
I'll wait here.
I'm a little busy.
I'm a musician.
I'm a patient man.
I'm a photographer.
I'm a terrible dancer.
I'm already rich.
I'm awfully tired.
I'm expecting a call.
I'm finished.
I'm getting better.
I'm glad you're here.
I'm going crazy.
I'm going to go now.
I'm going to tell Tom the truth.
I'm going with Tom.
I'm hardly ever home.
I'm here to apologize.
I'm in the attic.
I'm just a taxi driver.
I'm just lazy.
I'm mad at you.
I'm not a beggar.
I'm not afraid of Tom.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not giving up.
I'm not going away.
I'm not going to die.
I'm not going.
I'm not happy.
I'm not listening.
I'm not that drunk.
I'm not the problem.
I'm not very good at French.
I'm not worried.
I'm not your boyfriend.
I'm not your husband anymore.
I'm ready.
I'm really not all that hungry.
I'm so embarrassed.
I'm still here.
I'm still looking for a job.
I'm the new teacher.
I'm very upset.
I'm your father.
I've got a better idea.
I've got no choice.
I've looked everywhere.
What do you like about him?
What do you like about me?
What do you see in him?
What's the secret?
Let's get a drink.
Let's get drunk.
Is that yours?
Everything is normal.
Don't try that at home.
We're working.
We're working on it.
We're wasting time.
We're too late.
We're surrounded.
We're still here.
We're quite tired.
We're out of wine.
We're on our own.
We're not strangers.
We're not soldiers.
We're not married.
We're not here to arrest you.
We're not desperate yet.
We're newlyweds.
We're listening.
We're going to try.
We're engaged.
We're closed.
We're alone.
We're all going.
We'll talk later.
We'll get a keg of beer for the party.
We'll call you.
We'll be there.
We work together.
We will fix this.
We were worried.
We were just friends.
We want to talk to you.
We want to talk to Tom.
We understand.
We understand each other.
We still have time.
We shouldn't have done that.
We should set a trap.
We should go.
We need to hurry.
We need to help Tom.
We need to go.
We need this.
We need more time.
We need help.
We need evidence.
We need a victory.
We need a car.
We live together.
We just got here.
We heard a noise.
We have to save Tom.
We have to move.
We have no secrets.
We have guests.
We had no secrets.
We don't have a choice. We have to do this.
We can't do that.
We can help you.
We can do that.
We aren't married.
There's no need to go to school today.
I need to charge my cell phone.
I'm having a hard time with German grammar.
You will pay for this!
Afterwards, he assumed a new identity.
We have enough money.
The school is closed.
We're going the wrong way.
He's a bit shy.
The girls just want to have fun.
He just wants to have fun.
I'll protect you!
Where are the others?
Everyone noticed.
Use your head!
She's a cat lover.
He's a cat lover.
Hang on!
He will always be with you.
Let's split.
Let's go somewhere else.
It's what you deserve.
It's way too heavy.
It's very effective.
It's too late.
It's too easy.
It's time to party.
It's so beautiful.
It's poison.
It's nothing to be ashamed of.
It's not too much.
It's not that complicated.
It's not possible.
It's not mine.
It's not cheap to eat here.
It's no problem.
It's gorgeous.
It's different.
It's dangerous here.
It's complicated.
It's cold in here.
It's beautiful.
It's a weapon.
It's a pleasure to be here.
Some things are perhaps not worth translating.
You've been suspended.
You're stalling.
You're pathetic.
You're overreacting.
You're not helping.
You're my hero.
You're my friend.
You're insane.
You're here early.
You're going to love this book.
You're funny.
You're drunk.
You're biased.
You're annoying.
You're a good man.
You're a good friend.
You'll be fine.
You won't find anything here.
You underestimate Tom.
You taught us that.
You stole my idea.
You smell good.
You should wash your hair.
You look so beautiful.
You look relieved.
You look familiar.
You have to help me.
You have to give me more time.
You have a secret admirer.
You dropped something.
You don't owe me anything.
You didn't prepare me for this.
You didn't let me finish.
You can wait here.
You can come with us.
You broke the rules.
You betrayed me.
You are impossible.
You are a genius.
You always say that.
You almost died.
Are you saying that I'm a liar?
It could be big trouble.
It didn't work.
It is kind of pretty.
It looks like we'll get there in time.
It was a gift.
It was Tom's idea.
It was worth it.
It won't take long.
It'll be our secret.
That didn't work.
That explains it.
That sounds exciting.
That sounds horrible.
That sounds like fun.
That tastes terrible.
That was a big surprise.
That was easy.
That was really bad.
That was very good.
That wasn't so hard.
That won't happen again.
That's a myth.
That's a plan.
That's cool.
That's correct.
That's embarrassing.
That's fantastic.
That's for you.
That's funny.
That's hilarious.
That's how I would do it.
That's interesting.
That's more than enough.
That's my doll.
That's not an option.
That's not bad.
That's not even funny.
That's not going to help.
That's perfect.
That's so sweet.
That's stupid.
That's what friends are for.
That's what I want.
That's wonderful.
That's your problem.
Why don't you look for a job?
What Tom did was incredibly stupid.
What a perfect night!
Welcome to Boston.
Trust is earned.
Those are mine.
This should be interesting.
This seems risky.
This place is creepy.
This job is kind of boring.
This isn't funny.
This is useless.
This is not good.
This is not a game.
This is my wife.
This is my baby.
This is a joke.
This doesn't make sense.
They're with me.
They're not a threat.
They're lying.
They're gone.
They're expensive.
They're coming.
They're armed.
They ruined it.
They deported Tom.
The radio is on.
The gun isn't loaded.
Thanks for the help.
Sometimes I get jealous.
Please leave a message.
Please help Tom.
Perhaps you're right.
Now it's my turn.
Now I know why.
Nobody can help me.
My pen has run out of ink.
My father died in Vietnam.
My cold is getting worse.
Maybe we should come back later.
Maybe Tom is in love.
Mary is so pretty.
Let the boy go.
I need somebody to talk to.
How interesting!
Here comes Tom.
Everything's ready.
Everything's going to be fine.
Everyone's very excited.
Everyone's shocked.
Everyone's asleep.
Everyone needs friends.
Education is important.
Driving relaxes me.
Both girls laughed.
Birthdays are important.
All the boys were dancing.
Let's share the money.
We'll talk about it tomorrow.
We'll do it tomorrow.
This boat is seaworthy.
Father is waiting.
Tom is waiting.
He is waiting.
She is waiting.
How will we pay our debts now?
I'm tired of waiting in line.
He showed it to me.
I have an Egyptian neighbor.
She did what she was told.
She found it.
I found it.
They found it.
I was not pleased.
This is not funny.
It happened so fast.
She is aware of my secret plan.
Can I go out to play?
She works for a bank.
That article makes fun of vegetarians.
Bye.
She agreed with my idea.
If the alarm rings, walk, don't run.
You must do as I say.
I didn't know her at the time.
I didn't know that at the time.
They want you dead.
I've rarely seen her so quiet.
Tom drives a Datsun.
He's the perfect man for you.
He's the perfect man for him.
Tom has a heavy German accent.
I'm bad at swimming.
Let's be honest with each other.
The whole thing doesn't make sense.
We didn't get paid this week.
Today I am four years old.
Is anyone looking?
Are you looking?
Have you already finished?
Please open the package.
Coffee, please.
Let's go tomorrow afternoon.
It's very easy to sound natural in your own native language, and very easy to sound unnatural in your non-native language.
She told me about it.
He told me about it.
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.
I would never do it again.
She woke up naked on the floor.
I can't eat this.
I can't wait to eat the cake.
Do cats dream?
He's greedy and lazy.
You're a fucking genius.
Do you have a crush on him?
Do you have a crush on her?
Tom, what are you doing?
Be nicer to your brother.
Eat your vegetables.
Go brush your teeth.
Go to your room!
I can't wait.
I want to quit.
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever held in my arms.
It's a nice day today.
I can't wait for school to start.
I hate my life.
He hates his life.
She hates her life.
Everything has been arranged.
She is knitting a scarf.
Have you told her mother?
Have you told his mother?
He's only a couple of years younger than me.
We nearly starved.
I nearly starved.
You won't believe what I just saw!
It's rather impressive.
He sat down next to her.
I got it for Christmas.
Is it new?
It's already good.
He lives in a gated community.
She lives in a gated community.
Guess who's coming for dinner.
Who's coming for dinner?
She's never satisfied.
The admiral is never satisfied.
I started to vomit.
We left together.
I can scarcely sleep at night.
He seems interested in her.
She's not my type.
You're not my type.
Can I sleep here?
I'm a bit drunk.
He's a bit drunk.
Please stop talking.
Here, take this.
Don't leave me alone!
Stop being cruel.
He hasn't done anything.
She hasn't done anything.
I had little choice.
He was staring at her.
This chicken is overcooked.
I'll call the chef.
He removed his shirt.
She removed her shirt.
She's not paying any attention to me.
He's not paying any attention to me.
She dressed like a boy.
He dressed like a girl.
Do you see a rose?
Do you see the queen?
Do you see a queen?
What a cute baby!
How beautiful!
How curious!
How lovely!
Keep it.
Listen.
Take it.
How nice!
What a big truck!
What a funny man!
What a lovely dress!
What a nice tie!
What a selfish woman!
What a smart guy!
What a strange dog!
What a strange man!
If only I'd done my homework!
If only I'd been a little taller!
If I'd only read the contract more carefully!
How often do you shower?
How arrogant!
That was different.
The boys in the village laughed at me.
I'm not ashamed.
Nothing could stop her.
Nothing can stop him.
She called her cat Tatoeba.
The pay is meager.
She doesn't have any real friends.
You're a wonderful friend.
I don't remember anything.
Try this.
Try some.
Call us.
Be nice.
Be kind.
Be fair.
Tom is the name of my black warthog.
I know that she doesn't know who I am.
Does your friend speak Esperanto?
He wants to learn to swim.
She wants to learn to swim.
Let's finish the job.
It's a matter of life and death.
I visited her in Germany.
We both fell asleep.
Keep your voice down!
Do you wear glasses?
I will speak to him alone.
Would you like to see her?
Do you think he will like it?
Do you think she will like it?
What else do you have?
I want to look different.
Why would anyone do such a thing?
I cannot confirm this.
I can't confirm this.
Do I look fat?
He's a bigot.
He loves attention.
He doesn't have his medication.
She doesn't have her medication.
It was not an accident.
I heard everything.
A DNA test showed he was innocent.
We laughed.
She had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He wanted it to be a surprise.
She couldn't resist.
She likes my jokes.
Do you disagree?
I hate sand.
We heard a gunshot.
Tom said he heard gunshots.
This looks like a gunshot wound.
That sounded like a gunshot.
What have we done?
I'm not blushing!
Don't worry. I'll teach you how to drive.
I think about you all day long.
I'm old.
Did you vote in the last election?
It's your civic duty to vote.
Tom says he thinks it's a waste of time to vote.
Tom says he won't vote.
Hello, Honey.
I would like to ask a question.
The engine started again.
The girl who works at that bakery is cute.
I think love does not exist.
He has small feet.
Better leave it!
I don't feel like it anyway!
He disappeared.
He's not dead yet; we're bringing him here.
It's annoying.
You're just as annoying as you were the last time I met you.
Tom was annoyed by Mary's silence.
What an idiot!
You're starting to annoy me.
Tom seems more annoyed than angry.
She reminds me of someone.
Who is able to explain this to me?
We must absolutely find the assassins.
I love your daughter.
I love her son.
I love his son.
What time is your plane?
I love Tom.
It's simpler and more reliable.
I taught my wife how to drive.
It was an eye-opening experience.
There's one thing I must tell you.
Did she say something?
Did he say something?
Think of your family.
The fugitive crossed the river.
You can't go in there!
I think I can prove it.
You're such a liar.
Just a little bit.
This box is very heavy.
Tom does not know the difference between a diamond and an emerald.
I appreciate your suggestion.
I appreciate the offer, but I can't accept it.
I appreciate all your advice.
The beautiful is always strange.
Mary is left-handed.
This is a good question.
He forgot his wife's birthday.
He's a grumpy old man.
I owe you nothing.
I owe him nothing.
I owe her nothing.
Am I right?
I don't owe him anything.
I'd just like to ask Tom one question.
She has a heated swimming pool.
You knew it was wrong.
She relented.
Do you want a massage?
I caught them kissing.
Stand aside.
It nearly cost me my life.
My friend helped me.
Don't look at this!
Don't look at me!
Don't look at him!
Don't look at her!
It's getting dark.
You will regret this.
He will regret this.
She will regret this.
He refused to pay.
She refused to pay.
I want vengeance.
I want a beer.
There's no hope.
There isn't any hope.
Let her go.
Let him go.
Let Tom go.
There is no hope.
I'd like to watch that movie again.
I'd like to talk to Tom alone.
I'd like to talk to the head of security.
I'd like to stay here with Tom.
I'd like to speak with Tom.
I'd like to see that.
I'd like to meet Tom as soon as possible.
I'd like to lie down.
I'd like to help you.
I'd like to go to the mall.
I'd like to go home.
I'd like to go home now.
I'd like to get some sleep.
I'd like to come along if you don't mind.
I'd like to brush my teeth.
I'd like to be called Tom.
I'd like to be alone.
I'd like to ask you something.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
I'd like to ask a few more questions.
I'd like to apply for a job.
I'd like to apologize.
I'm sore all over.
I love hard-boiled eggs.
Who says that?
Do you want wine?
Is this a gift for me?
Everything will change.
Open that thing!
Look at that!
He's started writing a novel.
He has started to write a novel.
She raised her hands.
My house is near the school.
He's so full of shit.
No one I know wears a tie anymore.
No one seems to smile anymore.
No one seems to listen to us anymore.
No one seems to have the guts to do that anymore.
No one uses that word anymore.
No one thinks that way anymore.
No one says that anymore.
No one comes to visit me anymore.
No one cares about that anymore.
No one believes that anymore.
No, it is enough. I am full.
Visit us tomorrow.
I thought Tom had a meeting this afternoon.
I thought Tom had a dog.
I thought Tom had a day off.
I thought we had more time.
When will his new novel be published?
You are completely wrong.
I thought Tom wouldn't come.
Love is strong, but money is stronger.
I've got to speak to her.
I've got to speak to him.
Stop! You're hurting him!
Stop contributing to Tatoeba. You're addicted.
She's too old for him.
She's too old for me.
He's too old for me.
You're too old for me.
It's a personal matter.
I'm not your son.
I'm not your daughter.
I'm not your father.
I'm not your mother.
Did you take him home?
You're a filthy liar!
He's a filthy liar.
She's a filthy liar.
Dancing is not a crime.
He's short and fat.
Don't come in! I'm naked.
He did it a few times.
She has a perfect body.
He has a perfect body.
Very romantic!
Believe in love!
This isn't silver.
It's important that she hears this.
Take off your clothes.
This is the most enjoyable thing I've ever done.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever done.
This is the strangest thing I've ever done.
He has short hair.
I only have ten books.
We all know it.
It's chillier today.
Your brother wasn't at school today.
Tomorrow, God willing, we'll be with your parents.
He told me to meet him at his house.
He told me to meet him at the restaurant.
He's hiding in the closet.
She's hiding in the closet.
They're hiding in the closet.
I worked enough on my German today.
My neighbours are my friends.
We can't afford any more mistakes.
You can't back out.
They can't be right.
We can't be sure, can we?
You can't be thirty years old.
You can't be too careful.
I can't believe I listened to you.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
They can't believe it.
I can't believe it's that simple.
I can't believe it's true.
I can't believe people really eat that stuff.
I can't believe that.
I can't believe Tom is dead.
I can't believe you did this by yourself.
You can't both be right.
I can't carry this suitcase. It's too heavy.
I can't change that.
You can't change Tom.
I can't change who I am.
I can't complain about the way I've been treated.
I can't confirm that.
I can't continue to ignore the problem.
I can't dance either.
You can't dance, can you?
I can't dance.
I can't decide which car to buy.
You can't defeat me.
I can't deny it.
You can't deny that.
I can't do anything for Tom.
We can't do it now.
I can't do it right now.
We can't do it.
I can't do that either.
I can't do that now.
Tom can't do that.
You can't do this to me.
I can't eat chicken.
I can't eat.
I can't feel my toes.
They can't fire you.
You can't force us to go.
I can't get this old TV to work.
You can't give Tom that.
I can't go alone.
I can't go any faster.
We can't go right now.
We can't go there.
I can't go to work today.
I can't hear a word.
You can't help me.
You can't help now. It's too late.
We can't help Tom.
Tom can't help us anymore.
Tom can't help you now.
Tom can't help you.
I can't hide out forever.
Who should I vote for?
I can't identify it.
I can't imagine a day without you.
You can't intimidate us.
You can't just go.
You can't keep me here.
We can't keep this a secret forever.
You can't kill someone that's already dead.
We can't kill Tom.
I can't kiss you the way you want to be kissed.
Skip it.
I knew it!
Get a life!
That can happen to anybody.
I'm not that stupid!
Give him an inch and he'll take a mile.
I don't have vodka.
She's playing Monopoly.
Somebody has to be here for Tom.
Why are you acting this way?
Aim. Fire!
Ask Tom.
Be still.
Cuff him.
Drive on.
Humor me.
Leave us.
Marry me.
Use this.
Warn Tom.
Watch how I do it.
Watch me.
Watch us.
Write me.
You can't leave me like this.
You can't leave me.
We can't leave Tom here. He won't survive on his own.
I can't let you enter without a pass.
We can't lose.
I can't make you any promises.
I can't open the door.
I can't pay Tom today.
We can't postpone the meeting.
We can't protect you.
I can't read this.
I can't read.
I can't really remember.
You can't reason with Tom.
I can't remember the lyrics.
I can't remember what Tom looks like.
We can't save everyone.
I can't save you.
I can't say I'm sorry.
I can't see it.
We can't see it.
Tom can't see Mary from where he is.
They can't see me.
Tom can't see us.
I can't sell that to you.
You can't smoke in here.
I can't speak to Tom.
I can't stop thinking about Tom.
I can't take my glasses off.
We can't take the risk.
I can't talk now.
I can't talk to Tom.
I can't tell what it is.
I can't tell you all my secrets.
I can't tell you where Tom lives.
We can't thank you enough.
We can't tow this car.
We can't trust anyone now.
We can't trust Tom anymore.
I can't trust you anymore.
I can't use it.
I can't wait forever.
I can't wait until tomorrow.
We can't work under these conditions.
I hope everyone knows what this means.
Can it wait?
He looks like a monkey.
I never said no.
I didn't mean to kill him.
I didn't mean to hit him.
I asked her to go to a movie with me.
I only drink water.
I only need two of these.
What do you want to do now?
He's a bit jealous.
Hello, honey.
Are you still there?
Is he still there?
Is she still there?
She's possessed.
Where's the rest of the money?
You're lying!
She's lying on the floor.
You're not telling the truth.
The night is dark.
It's completely natural.
I'm going on vacation next week.
Women and children first!
He lives in an apartment.
She has bought a new computer.
I thought about it a lot.
I thought for a moment Tom was going to start laughing.
I thought I heard voices.
I thought I heard you.
I thought I knew you.
I thought I saw something.
I thought I told you to go to bed.
I thought I told you to keep the door closed.
I thought I understood you.
I thought I was alone.
I thought I was doing the right thing.
I thought I was dreaming.
I thought I'd make breakfast.
I thought it'd get easier.
I thought something was odd.
I thought the game was over.
I thought Tom was Canadian.
I thought Tom was still in jail.
I thought we were going out to dinner.
I thought we were going to die.
I thought we would have breakfast together.
I thought you didn't believe in ghosts.
I thought you might like some company.
I thought you two wanted to work together.
I thought you understood.
I thought you wanted a divorce.
I thought you were going to stay home.
I thought you were kidding.
I thought you were right.
I thought you were Tom's friend.
I thought you were working.
I thought you weren't coming.
I thought you'd be happy.
I thought you'd be proud of me.
I thought you'd changed.
I thought you'd left.
We must abandon ship.
She's the pirate queen.
I need this money.
I didn't touch anything.
What kind of ship is that?
I'm the captain of this ship.
The ship wasn't ready for battle.
Where is the captain of this ship?
I've just gotten home.
I've just come home.
My father is taking a walk in the park.
Tom doesn't drink beer at home.
They swam.
We drank a lot.
Where is my newspaper?
If it doesn't sound English, it's not English.
This will be my last sentence in English.
Do you think we should abandon ship?
This is the best thing to tell to someone who tries to learn something.
I like mangas.
I like comic books.
I like cartoons.
That war ended in 1954.
Is there something in particular that you want?
These students are Korean.
Tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock.
I showed him my room.
Where is he going?
This storm is not dangerous. You don't need to worry.
We need to take this very seriously.
The water is rising.
It almost worked.
He did both at the same time.
Would you like that?
She will never make it.
He will never make it.
It's my son.
One of the tigers has escaped from the zoo.
His wife is Swedish.
I have a girlfriend.
I'm here as a friend.
I wish I had more friends.
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life.
I don't have many friends.
I don't want to be your friend.
I have plenty of friends.
I know Tom is your friend.
I'm no friend of yours.
I hope this doesn't ruin our friendship.
I don't have a girlfriend.
I wish I had time for a girlfriend.
I'm 25 years old and I've never had a girlfriend.
I hate Mary's boyfriend.
Am I still your boyfriend?
I have 1,500 head of cattle.
What're you going to do during your summer vacation?
What's the difference between American and British English?
How do you go there? By car?
I would like to buy myself a new computer; show me the best model.
I detest everyone, and everyone detests me.
Are you sure we can't repair this camera?
I saw you in the park yesterday.
There must be a pattern.
Words can't describe it.
Attack!
Come soon.
Drop it!
Drop your gun!
Feel this.
Follow us.
Get Tom.
Grab that.
Grab this.
Hang on.
Hold fire.
Hold this.
Show me.
I'm writing a sentence in German.
Yerevan is the capital of Armenia.
Is this Paris or Marseille?
Stop shooting.
Tom rarely wears a hat.
Tom seldom wears a hat.
Did it actually happen?
Have you actually ever tried it?
I actually don't work here.
I don't actually believe that.
I don't have any books to read.
He slept in the car.
She slept in the car.
I've never met a woman as stupid as you.
She shrieked.
Get out of the kitchen!
Get out of my room!
I appreciate what he did for me.
Can I speak to her?
You're the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
You should go on a diet.
You have to come.
That's how he likes it.
She likes it when I do that.
He likes it when I do that.
Does he know how you feel?
Does she know how you feel?
How well can you dance?
My dad will kill me.
He left his keys in the car.
I want to go.
I want to come.
He wants to go.
He wants to come.
She wants to come.
Fishing is fun.
Are you American?
He's not always happy.
Don't open the present yet.
She's waiting for you at home.
I think love doesn't exist.
I can't even cook an omelet.
I'm your brother.
I'm closing the door.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always there.
I have to buy flowers for my girlfriend.
I lived in poverty.
How beautiful you are today!
Summer holiday begins in July.
My brother works in France.
We should work faster.
We must work faster.
We have to work faster.
The real heroes are us.
He was born in Athens in 1956.
Something had to be done.
He's waiting for you at home.
There's something important I need to tell her.
It has never been done before.
No, I don't want to.
He's very curious.
It's never been done before.
She's ready to go.
This sentence isn't in English.
My father gave up smoking for his health.
This problem is hard to solve.
He ratted us out.
I must be dreaming.
My mother always told me that I should put money in the bank every month so I'd have enough money in case of an emergency.
How's the water?
I told him everything.
I told her everything.
I was not sure what to do.
It was quite funny.
It's not a bad thing.
It was extremely funny.
The water is warm.
The water was warm.
The water was cold.
The water is cold.
It's almost seven. We have to go to school.
My English teacher recommended that I read these books.
I own a computer.
I like this colour.
I'm calling the waiter.
It's one of my favorite movies.
It's one of my favorite films.
I was just trying to be helpful.
I love Norwegian!
I love the Norwegian language!
Correct the mistakes, if there are any.
I washed my T-shirt.
I slept very well.
My tea is too sweet.
You forgot to divide by X here.
Just a second. This call might be important.
It wasn't exactly a piece of cake.
Did you vote?
I fed the dog.
This is very easy.
All the doors of the house were closed.
On your mark! Get set! Go!
My friend is bilingual.
The following sentence is true. The preceding sentence is false.
Get ready.
Don't ask any questions.
Who ate the last cookie?
It's confidential.
He was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Do you like chocolate milk?
Are you enjoying yourself?
Did you enjoy reading that book?
Did you enjoy that?
Did you enjoy the game?
Did you enjoy the movie?
Do you enjoy losing?
What kind of things do you enjoy doing?
He never talked about it.
She never talked about it.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
I will need your help.
Can you speak Japanese?
Come immediately.
Is it legal?
She's a good girl.
He's a good boy.
She was wearing a fur coat.
He did a pretty good job.
She did a pretty good job.
Why are girls so complicated?
She sees nothing wrong with it.
He sees nothing wrong with it.
I see nothing wrong with it.
I'm really proud of you.
Can I count on you?
Do you want me to call the police?
I don't trust politicians.
Tom is schizophrenic.
I'll pray for you.
My passport was stolen.
She's a patient woman.
Open the door!
Mary said Tom was in trouble.
I'm not in trouble.
I'm in trouble now.
I'm already in trouble.
I know I'm in trouble now.
Are you in trouble with the law?
I'm too drunk.
He's too drunk.
It's just not worth it.
You look terrible.
She managed to escape.
He wanted to meet me.
He scratched his head.
He went to the library.
He shouldn't have done that.
She shouldn't have done that.
He squinted.
She squinted.
I've got a plan.
Don't do it! It's stupid and dangerous.
The train is late.
The bus is slow.
The book is new.
The food is good.
The bottle is full.
I have something very important to tell you.
I have something important to tell you.
Don't go in there.
He pretended to be asleep.
She pretended to be asleep.
That sounds like a great idea.
Come a bit closer.
I miss her.
I miss my cat.
This book has many pictures.
He climbs trees easily.
Can I stay?
Can we go?
How's Tom?
Tom left.
Tom lied.
Tom lost.
Tom moved.
Who quit?
Tom quit.
Tom smiled.
Tom waved.
Tom yawned.
Who died?
Tom died.
Did I win?
Who won?
Tom won.
I won!
The pilot closes the door.
He needs to speak English.
You are a great person.
Turkish is a difficult language.
I feel helpless.
Have you and Tom ever worked together?
He doesn't drink anymore.
She doesn't drink anymore.
I don't drink anymore.
I'm sick of fish.
Tom went fishing.
I thought it would make you laugh.
He knows what he's talking about.
He bit his lip.
They kissed.
Tom promised to take me fishing.
He chuckled.
She chuckled.
We'll see each other tomorrow in the library.
I love dogs.
That kind of thing isn't important.
He agreed with me.
Let's go grab a burger or something.
Let's hope we did the right thing.
Let's go before I change my mind.
Let's have a glass of champagne.
Let's talk about what happened.
Let's start the meeting now.
Let's not waste this chance.
Let's just get rid of Tom.
Let's play hide and seek.
Let's hope Tom was right.
Let's talk in my office.
Let's cut to the chase.
Let's talk about it.
Let's end this fast.
Let's do this first.
Let's have a drink.
Let's go to sleep.
Let's get serious.
Let's concentrate.
Let's start here.
Let's play chess.
Let's not argue.
Let's negotiate.
Let's live here.
Let's improvise.
Let's try this.
Let's continue.
Let's call Tom.
Let's proceed.
Let's start.
Let's work.
Let's talk.
Let's kiss.
Let's get in the house.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages.
I still think Tom is hiding something.
Tom is hiding something from me, too.
I know you're hiding something.
We hope to improve with time.
I read a letter.
I want kids.
I want Mary.
I want that.
I want them.
I want this.
We want Tom.
I want to run.
Who wants it?
I want a pony.
I want a pool.
I want to die.
I wanted this.
We want candy.
We want peace.
Who wants tea?
Do you want it?
I want to play.
Tom wants this.
I want a doctor.
I want children.
I want to do it.
I want to watch.
They want peace.
Tom wanted Mary.
Tom wanted more.
Tom wants money.
We want to help.
We want to know.
We want to vote.
Do you want this?
I want Tom fired.
Tom wants advice.
We want to leave.
I don't want that.
I want to be safe.
I wanted sympathy.
I wanted to fight.
Tom wanted to die.
Tom wants dessert.
Tom wants revenge.
Tom wants to live.
Tom wants to talk.
We want our money.
We wanted to wait.
Who wants cookies?
I just want to die.
I want an attorney.
I want my key back.
I want to know now.
I want to know why.
I want to see more.
I want to see this.
Do you want to know?
Do you want to talk?
I don't want cereal.
I don't want to die.
I just want to read.
I want my life back.
I want to hear this.
I want to keep that.
I want to thank you.
I wanted to be free.
We want to help Tom.
We want to help you.
We want to know why.
We wanted to listen.
Do you want a lawyer?
I didn't want to die.
I don't want to play.
I don't want to rest.
I want the other one.
I want to be careful.
I want to watch this.
I wanted to warn you.
None of us want that.
We don't want to die.
What do you want to know?
I want an explanation.
I want to be with Tom.
I want to be with you.
I want to go with Tom.
I want you to do this.
We don't want to know.
Do you want me to wait?
I didn't want anything.
I don't want to see it.
I don't want your gold.
I just want to be sure.
I want a word with you.
I want to buy them all.
I want to cook for you.
I want to go to Boston.
It's what I want to do.
We want our money back.
Do you want some coffee?
I don't want to be shot.
I don't want you to die.
I just want to know why.
I want to do it for you.
I want to help if I can.
I want to see the world.
I want Tom to read this.
I want you to know that.
I want you to stay here.
Did you want to sit down?
Do you want some company?
Do you want to take that?
Everyone wants something.
I didn't want to be seen.
I don't want to die here.
I don't want to get sick.
I don't want you to lose.
I just don't want to die.
I want to be your friend.
I want to know the truth.
Isn't that what you want?
Tom didn't want anything.
What do you want from us?
Don't you want to kiss me?
I don't want to leave Tom.
I don't want to stay here.
I don't want you to worry.
I really want to help you.
I want to buy my car back.
I want to know what it is.
I want you to wait for me.
I wanted to talk about it.
Do you really want to help?
I don't want to discuss it.
I don't want to marry Mary.
I just want to be with you.
I want to make a complaint.
Do you want me to come back?
I don't want you to be hurt.
I want to ask you something.
I want to buy my house back.
I want to know what love is.
I want to know what that is.
I'm not sure I want the job.
Tom doesn't want to see you.
Tom wants me to go with him.
We all want Tom to be happy.
You don't want that, do you?
Do you want to go for a swim?
I don't want to be different.
I don't want to leave Boston.
I really want Tom to like me.
I want another cup of coffee.
I want you to leave me alone.
I'd like you to come with me.
What don't you want me to do?
Why do you want to work here?
Do you want this or don't you?
Do you want to take that risk?
Don't you want to come inside?
I don't want Mary to leave me.
I don't want Tom to know this.
I just don't want to lose you.
I want to know where they are.
I want to share this with you.
I want to talk to all of them.
I want you to call the police.
I'd like to help, but I can't.
I've always wanted to do this.
What do you want me to do now?
I didn't want you to read that.
I don't want people to hate me.
I don't want Tom to go to jail.
I just want to forget about it.
I want to know what's going on.
I want to talk to your superior.
I wanted Tom to clean his room.
What do you want for Christmas?
Are you sure you don't want to come?
I want everything to be perfect.
I want these people out of here.
I wanted to learn from the best.
If you want to talk, let's talk.
Would you like to give it a try?
Are you sure you just want water?
I really don't want to live here.
I want a piece of chocolate cake.
I want to make a good impression.
I want you to stay where you are.
What do you want to do with this?
She always claimed to have been just another one of his victims.
I just want to live a normal life.
I want you to look out the window.
I'd like to cancel my reservation.
They want to know what's going on.
You want to leave here, don't you?
Doesn't anyone want to speak to me?
I don't want to live by your rules.
I don't want to take care of a dog.
I want to know everything about it.
I wanted to retire three years ago.
Neither of us wants to get married.
Why don't you want to wear a dress?
He's Hungarian.
Like I care!
Find the differences.
The lock will have to be broken.
Someone will do this job.
I want Tom to be here for Christmas.
Tom doesn't want to discourage Mary.
Tom wants to ask us a few questions.
She was in France.
He told his story in tears.
All I want is what's rightfully mine.
Are you sure you don't want anything?
Watch my back.
He's incredibly stupid.
She's unbelievably stupid.
Koalas are cute.
This movie is incredibly stupid.
She's not stupid.
You can't stop progress.
Can I try it?
It was a stupid idea.
I'm not worried about him.
I'm not worried about her.
I'm worried about her.
I don't work here.
Is it safe?
It doesn't hurt at all.
She wants to look younger.
He wants to marry my daughter.
She uses Botox.
It happens all the time.
She got an A.
She caught me off-guard.
He caught me off-guard.
He was the only man.
I was the only man.
I was the only woman.
Am I disturbing anything?
She wants to save the planet.
It's rather ironic.
Is she still interested?
I don't think it's true.
What the hell are you doing in here?
I'm sorry about yesterday.
She eats but very little.
It may be impossible to get a completely error-free corpus due to the nature of this kind of collaborative effort. However, if we encourage members to contribute sentences in their own languages rather than experiment in languages they are learning, we might be able to minimize errors.
Most English words are unknown to most English speakers.
Don't doubt his words.
Are you lying to me?
It's not illegal.
I will survive.
He will survive.
They will survive.
Sugar draws ants.
I just want to get a little fresh air.
I want to know what you see right now.
I want to talk to you about this list.
I don't want to live my life like this.
I don't want to torment you any longer.
Tom wants to get a tattoo on his chest.
You don't want to go to prison, do you?
I didn't want Tom to think I was stupid.
I want some answers and I want them now.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk to John.
I want to know what's going on out there.
A nap would be good.
I want to buy a dozen eggs.
We're here because we want to talk to Tom.
He doesn't look happy.
I don't really want to talk about this now.
He had a good time.
She had a good time.
Do as he says.
The cat caught me by surprise!
Stop whining.
You deserve more.
We haven't got much time.
I can't promise anything.
She's done her homework.
I think he's too young.
I think she's too young.
This student is lazy.
He's lazy.
She's lazy.
I'm addicted.
Greta Garbo was a Swedish actress.
He said nothing.
She said nothing.
I said nothing.
Give me the microphone.
You ruined my life.
He ruined my life.
She ruined my life.
They ruined my life.
The bird is dead.
The cat is not dead.
I want to get as far away from here as I can.
If you want to stay here, you are welcome to.
Tom didn't want to continue the conversation.
Do I look like a guy who wants to get married?
I'd like to remind you that you're under oath.
You've got my sunglasses and I want them back.
I want to dedicate all my time to this project.
Do you want to know where you made your mistake?
I'd like to speak to Tom about his brother John.
What if I am a Native American?
He made me love jazz.
I've always been a big fan of Jean Reno.
It has been a very nice week.
His son is yelling at him.
I think it works.
It really works.
She's vegetarian, so she ate tofu instead of turkey.
I want you to stop.
Do you want to resign?
Did you want to see me?
I want to meet with Tom.
I really want to kiss you.
I want you to go to Boston.
I want to stay here with you.
I'm still not used to my new smartphone!
I want to know what you think.
I want to spend time with you.
I know you want to talk to Tom.
Do you want to be my girlfriend?
What do they want to talk about?
Who wants another piece of cake?
I want to speak to my lawyer now.
I want to know what's in this box.
I want to know what this is called.
There's someone else I want to see.
I don't want to wait until tomorrow.
We want to talk to you about a problem.
I have so many things I want you to know.
I know your mom doesn't want you to talk to me.
I don't want Tom making the same mistakes I made.
Are you sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow?
I have to show you something.
Have we understood each other?
I'd like a copy of that document as soon as possible.
Many inmates on death row say they don't want to die.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do.
My computer sometimes shuts down suddenly.
It's sunny today.
I'm watching TV.
I'm Brazilian.
I am free this evening.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
We are poor, but we are happy.
Children shouldn't be spoiled.
Children should not be spoiled.
When do owls sleep?
Is there something that you want to tell me?
Owls have big eyes.
I love her eyes.
I'll come with you.
Have you told me everything?
I really miss my girlfriend.
I really miss my husband.
Where can one buy books?
I love to hate you.
We've chosen a hotel near the museums.
You know what you must do.
He's absent-minded.
The boys are thirsty.
Is there a similar proverb in Japan?
What a pleasant surprise!
If you play like that, you'll be checkmated in ten moves.
Oh, it's you. Come in.
The tree is green.
If you want to talk, talk.
I don't want you two talking about me.
Why didn't you come to the party?
Urdu is my mother tongue.
The motion was approved unanimously.
Give me half.
Open, Sesame!
I was happy.
We're happy.
Make me happy.
Was Tom happy?
We were happy.
Happy holidays.
I was so happy.
Tom died happy.
Were you happy?
You look happy.
You were happy.
They look happy.
Tom looks happy.
Are we all happy?
We weren't happy.
Happy anniversary!
I'm happy for you.
They're not happy.
Are you happy, Tom?
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm not happy here.
Is everybody happy?
No one looks happy.
Tom was real happy.
Are you still happy?
Tom was never happy.
I wish you happiness.
I'm happy to meet you.
That'll make me happy.
They don't seem happy.
I'm very happy for you.
It makes me very happy.
I'm not happy with this.
I hope you're happy, too.
I'm so happy you're here.
What a happy coincidence!
Tom looks extremely happy.
Aren't you happy to see me?
I have a right to be happy.
Tom didn't look that happy.
Tom doesn't look too happy.
You should be happy for me.
I like to make people happy.
Why are you always so happy?
I know Tom's not happy there.
I'm happy to do this for you.
Do you know what happiness is?
I'd be happy to work with you.
I'm so happy to see you again.
I'm happy to have you here, Tom.
Why are you so happy all the time?
Tom will be happy to see you again.
Tom isn't going to be happy to see me.
Whatever makes you happy makes me happy.
Tom woke Mary up at 6:30 and she wasn't happy about that.
You're always complaining.
She is our neighbor.
I was dreaming.
Everyone dreams.
Is this a dream?
Follow your dreams.
What a beautiful house!
What a beautiful place!
Is Tom handsome?
Mary is beautiful.
Isn't Tom handsome?
That sounds beautiful.
Tom has a beautiful car.
You're a beautiful woman.
This is a beautiful house.
You have a beautiful smile.
You have a beautiful voice.
Those flowers are beautiful.
Mary is beautiful, isn't she?
Tom has a beautiful garden.
Mary has beautiful brown eyes.
Mary is not only beautiful, she's smart, too.
I was busy.
We're busy.
Tom is busy.
They're busy.
Tom was busy.
We were busy.
I'm busy, too.
I'm pretty busy.
We're very busy.
You seem very busy.
I'm pretty busy here.
Everybody is very busy.
I know how busy you are.
I'm sure you're very busy.
Tom is very busy with his work.
We have a busy week ahead of us.
That's not enough.
Be careful!
I'm careful.
We're careful.
Be careful now.
Be careful, Tom!
Tom, be careful!
Choose carefully.
I was very careful.
I'm always careful.
We were very careful.
We have to be careful.
They have to be very careful.
I'd be careful with that if I were you.
I think you're being a little too careful.
Mary works part-time as a nurse.
Rachel Corrie was an American who was killed in Gaza.
Read this first.
I wanted to be a journalist.
Go play with Tom.
Tom plays hockey.
I love playing Chopin.
What teams were playing?
What are you playing with?
Tom plays organ at our church.
Tom plays accordion quite well.
Some kids are playing in the park.
Who plays the keyboards in your band?
Tom and his friends play poker almost every Friday night.
I see a lot of hypocrisy.
I'm dying.
I really want to be a good teacher.
Is this your house?
I burned the cake.
I didn't buy the book.
Do you need help?
Five times five is twenty-five.
"The relationship ""A loves B"" is not reflexive, transitive, or symmetric."
He did everything for her.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
Now I understand.
David is handsome.
I learn a lot from my father.
Five and three is eight.
I am in search of the lost language.
The Greens are against everything.
Thanks.
I'm to blame.
Why blame Tom?
I blame myself.
Do you remember this?
Tom is in excellent health.
I received a letter from my sister.
Do you know how to dance?
I learned a lot from Tom.
I learned a new trick.
I learned that from you.
What did she do today?
What did he do today?
You'll have to learn to cook.
I'm learning so much from you.
You still have a lot to learn.
My father will kill me.
I've always wanted to learn to play the drums.
I couldn't refuse.
Where did you learn to dance like this?
I borrowed three books from the library.
A brother is like a shoulder.
Something strange is happening.
Tom is searching for something.
Are you afraid of something?
Did you lose something?
I have something for you to do.
Maybe Tom knows something.
Please say something.
I've got something in the oven.
Perhaps we overlooked something.
At least I tried to do something.
I knew Tom would do something romantic.
Tom showed Mary something.
Tom's planning something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom said something in French.
Where is the hospital?
He filed a complaint.
This is none of your business.
I'm looking for something.
It's no use crying over spilt milk.
It's your bedtime.
It's about time you went to school.
It's about time I was going.
Our train is late.
Is something happening?
I heard something.
Something's strange.
Tom found something.
Something smells good.
This is something new.
I need something to eat.
Is there something wrong?
Did I interrupt something?
I will think of something.
Tom was carrying something.
I have something to ask Tom.
We have something in common.
Something strange is going on.
Don't you have something to do?
I brought you something to eat.
We have to give them something.
Is something bothering you, Tom?
Do you know something I don't know?
That's not something I would joke about.
Let's get Tom something useful for Christmas.
No one of us is immortal.
I can't recall all their names.
The papers didn't print this story.
When will her new novel be published?
My dog is dreaming of a cat.
They never learn!
Her help came at just the right moment.
I'm crazy.
I'm not crazy.
I'll decide.
You should face the reality.
The Virgin Mary is Jesus' mother.
She is American.
I don't know three languages.
I don't think he is sincere.
I am taking tomorrow off.
I'm a cat.
I am a cat.
All men are brothers.
People like to talk.
Anna is a little girl.
I'm twelve years old.
I'm twelve.
That problem is too simple.
Some people have all the luck.
Mary told him not to waste her time.
Take a good look.
What's your last name?
I think about you often.
Is it difficult to learn Greek?
Thus do all women.
That's the building where my dad works.
Is there anything new?
I'm a city dweller.
Don't freak out.
It's a classic.
I'll do it tomorrow.
I don't know you anymore.
That's so true!
That's a low blow.
She can't drive.
This is not safe.
This isn't safe.
This animal feeds on flesh.
He isn't hungry.
Which floor do you live on?
You should have kept your mouth shut.
She should have kept her mouth shut.
He should have kept his mouth shut.
I should have kept my mouth shut.
You look surprised.
Mars has two moons.
My uncle gave me this watch.
I went swimming in the river.
What does he intend to do?
I have enough money to buy it.
It is in the kitchen.
She is younger than me.
She's younger than me.
I read a lot.
How many languages have you recognized?
All hope abandon ye who enter here.
Why do you want to learn French?
How many boys are in this class?
When do you intend to start?
She can't find her hat.
It's the same thing.
Let's not talk about it anymore.
She doesn't listen to music at all.
Who?
When do you mean to start?
Smoking stinks.
There are two plates on the table.
His car is two years old.
Did Dorenda really come back?!
You always said you wanted to become a scientist. Why didn't you?
I want to be an actor.
No one died.
No one cared.
Trust no one.
Don't trust anyone.
No one cheated.
No one escaped.
No one laughed.
No one got hurt.
No one asked you.
No one was there.
No one will talk.
No one's perfect.
No one is talking.
No one lives here.
No one's in sight.
No one's watching.
No one followed me.
No one is speaking.
There's no one here.
There's no one left.
We have seen no one.
No one will hurt you.
No one's judging you.
No one here has a car.
No one is in the room.
No one wants to speak.
I have no one to talk to.
No one knows Tom is here.
No one knows what to say.
No one takes us seriously.
No one here will betray you.
No one is allowed to go there.
No one knows where Tom's gone.
No one was in the swimming pool.
I didn't shoot anyone.
Quiet, please.
I appreciate what you did yesterday.
We didn't see anybody.
I've never told anyone that.
Did you hug anybody?
Did you kiss anybody?
Did you see anybody?
Did you see anyone?
I didn't see anyone.
Anybody hurt?
Did anyone miss me?
Is anybody there?
Anyone home?
Anyone hurt?
Do you know anyone here?
Do you trust anyone?
Does anyone have any other questions?
I don't know anybody in Boston.
I don't need anyone anymore.
Don't tell anybody.
Don't trust anybody.
I don't work for anyone.
I know him better than anybody.
Are you expecting anyone?
Was anyone in the room?
Ask anyone.
Don't walk in the park at night!
Nobody appreciates me.
Nobody believes me.
Nobody here ordered a pizza.
Nobody invited me to the party.
Nobody is going to hurt you.
Nobody knows how I feel.
Nobody knew what to say.
Nobody lied.
Nobody lives there.
Nobody saw me.
Nobody was home.
Nobody's going to hire you.
Nobody's seen Tom.
Clearly!
Where is my son?
Marafon will turn one hundred years next year.
You're very smart.
Tom loves Mary.
Everyone is unique.
Everyone is special.
Tom knows everybody.
I know everybody here.
Where's everybody else?
Where's everybody?
Where's everyone else?
Almost everyone was late.
Is everybody ready?
Is everyone all right?
Everyone cheered.
Everybody has secrets.
Everybody's here.
Everyone ignored Tom.
Everyone is tired.
Everyone liked Tom.
Everybody likes Tom.
Everybody likes you.
Everyone looked unhappy.
Everyone looks worried.
Everybody's safe.
Everybody saw it.
Everyone screamed.
Everyone seems to be nervous.
Everyone smiled.
Everyone started laughing.
Everybody's tired.
Everyone waited.
Everyone's watching.
At what time is the end of the world?
Are you looking for somebody?
Can somebody help me?
Did someone die?
It sounds like someone is crying.
There's someone hiding in the closet.
Somebody just called.
Somebody killed Tom.
Somebody made a mistake.
Somebody's made a mistake.
Someone might get hurt.
Somebody poisoned Tom.
Somebody stole it from me.
Somebody tried to kill me.
I don't know what this is.
Is this enough?
It's not here.
This is not enough.
I can't whistle.
The king did not see the end of the monarchy coming.
He doesn't remember me anymore.
Tom doesn't like chess.
I urgently need to go to the bathroom.
Do you prefer to watch subbed or dubbed TV?
My sentences are not sacrosanct.
"Never write the words ""bortsch"" and ""shchi"" in German!"
I like cookies.
Don't let the dog sleep in our bed.
I eat everything.
We've been through three wars.
My friends don't pay attention to me anymore.
Have you bought your Christmas gifts yet?
She slept with her boss.
How many people have you slept with?
I haven't actually slept with him.
I'm looking for my passport. Have you seen it?
Well, it is a done deal.
The parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty.
The parking lot in front of the bank was completely full.
We're adults.
We're back.
We're broke.
We're brothers.
We're celebrating.
We're cousins.
We're dating.
We're defenseless.
We're desperate.
We're different.
We're divorced.
We're early.
We're experienced.
We're fine.
We're friends.
We're grateful.
We're helpless.
We're honeymooning.
We're journalists.
We're kidding.
We're late.
We're losing.
We're lost.
We're partners.
We're ready.
We're safe.
We're separated.
We're sinking.
We're sorry.
We're stalled.
We're stuck.
We're tired.
We're twins.
We're winners.
We're winning.
Tom's adopted.
Tom's afraid.
Tom's alive.
Tom's alone.
Tom's amazed.
Tom's amazing.
Tom's angry.
Tom's annoyed.
Tom's asleep.
Tom's awake.
Tom's bored.
Tom's Canadian.
Tom's charming.
Tom's cheerful.
Tom's choking.
Tom's comfortable.
Tom's coming.
Tom's concerned.
Tom's confused.
Tom's convinced.
Tom's cooking.
Tom's crazy.
Tom's crying.
Tom's dead.
Tom's deaf.
Tom's dehydrated.
Tom's diabetic.
Tom's died.
Tom's drunk.
Tom's dying.
Tom's eating.
Tom's elderly.
Tom's embarrassed.
Tom's excited.
Tom's famous.
Tom's fast.
Tom's fat.
Tom's fearless.
Tom's free.
Tom's funny.
Tom's glad.
Tom's gone.
Tom's great.
Tom's greedy.
Tom's guilty.
Tom's hallucinating.
Tom's harmless.
Tom's headstrong.
Tom's healthy.
Tom's helping.
Tom's here.
Tom's home.
Tom's homeless.
Tom's hurt.
Tom's imaginative.
Tom's important.
Tom's injured.
Tom's innocent.
Tom's innovative.
Tom's left.
Tom's listening.
Tom's lucky.
Tom's lying.
Tom's mad.
Tom's married.
Tom's packing.
Tom's polite.
Tom's repulsive.
Tom's resigned.
Tom's right.
Tom's sad.
Tom's safe.
Tom's scared.
Tom's shy.
Tom's sick.
Tom's silent.
Tom's singing.
Tom's smart.
Tom's sorry.
Tom's stalling.
Tom's stoned.
Tom's stranded.
Tom's strange.
Tom's strict.
Tom's strong.
Tom's stupid.
Tom's terrific.
Tom's thirsty.
Tom's tired.
Tom's tough.
Tom's ugly.
Tom's unarmed.
Tom's undefeated.
Tom's unhappy.
Tom's unscrupulous.
Tom's unstable.
Tom's up.
Tom's upstairs.
Tom's violent.
Tom's weak.
Tom's weird.
Tom's well.
Tom's wounded.
Tom's wrong.
Tom's young.
Watch carefully.
Watch closely.
Watch yourselves.
We apologize.
We lost.
We overslept.
We promised.
We remember.
We surrendered.
We survived.
We talked.
We volunteered.
We waited.
We won.
We'll dance.
We'll help.
We'll share.
We'll survive.
We'll try.
We'll wait.
We'll win.
Tom has Windows 7.
I'd suggest inserting a comma.
I'd suggest the following change.
The capital of Hungary is Budapest.
I am married and I have a daughter.
It seems interesting.
Tom's older.
Tom waited.
Tom volunteered.
Tom snores.
Tom sighed.
Tom paid.
Tom moaned.
Tom looked.
Tom listened.
Tom laughed.
Tom knows.
Tom knits.
Tom jumped.
Tom insisted.
Tom inhaled.
Tom hesitated.
Tom helped.
Tom grumbled.
Tom groaned.
Tom grinned.
Tom graduated.
Tom gasped.
Tom forgot.
Tom flinched.
Tom finished.
Tom fainted.
Tom exhaled.
Tom exaggerates.
Tom escaped.
Tom enlisted.
Tom drowned.
Tom drives.
Tom drinks.
Tom danced.
Tom cried.
Tom coughed.
Tom confessed.
Tom clapped.
Tom cheats.
Tom cheated.
Tom called.
Tom blinked.
Tom approved.
Tom apologized.
Tom agrees.
Tom agreed.
This'll help.
This stinks.
Things change.
Things break.
They're wrong.
They're working.
They're wonderful.
They're upstairs.
They're unreliable.
They're unpredictable.
They're ugly.
They're trying.
They're traitors.
They're tired.
They're surprised.
They're students.
They're spies.
They're special.
They're smiling.
They're small.
They're right.
They're rich.
They're quiet.
They're outside.
They're old.
They're new.
They're mine.
They're listening.
They're laughing.
They're idiots.
They're identical.
They're home.
They're harmless.
They're green.
They're great.
They're good.
They're friends.
They're foreigners.
They're fine.
They're fighting.
They're fast.
They're excellent.
They're early.
They're dying.
They're drunk.
They're different.
They're dead.
They're dancing.
They're crazy.
They're cousins.
They're carnations.
They're cannibals.
They're broke.
They're boys.
They're beautiful.
They're bad.
They're back.
They're Asian.
They're arguing.
They're angry.
They're amazing.
They're alive.
They'll understand.
They'll remember.
They'll come.
They walked.
They waited.
They understood.
They tried.
They sweated.
They struggled.
They stopped.
They smiled.
They relaxed.
They refused.
They lost.
They lied.
They laughed.
They hugged.
They fell.
They escaped.
They disappeared.
They danced.
They cheat.
They canceled.
They called.
They burned.
They approve.
They applauded.
They agree.
That's possible.
That's OK.
That's impressive.
That's important.
That's illegal.
That's free.
That's expensive.
That's easy.
That's discouraging.
That's disappointing.
That's dangerous.
That's cruel.
That's awful.
That'll help.
That helped.
Tell Tom.
Tell everybody.
Taste this.
Take Tom.
Take this.
Take these.
Take precautions.
Take over.
Take mine.
Take everything.
Take control.
Take command.
Stop trying.
Stop there.
Stop them.
Stop squabbling.
Stop pushing.
Stop overreacting.
Stop lying.
Stop laughing.
Stop fighting!
Stop crying.
Stop apologizing.
Step forward.
Stay together.
Stay focused.
Stay cool.
Stay close.
Stay away.
Stay awake.
Start writing.
Start singing.
Start running.
Start over.
Start now.
Start here.
Start counting.
Start again.
Stand still!
Something changed.
Someone's talking.
Someone's singing.
Someone's missing.
Someone screamed.
Someone coughed.
Somebody laughed.
Somebody intervened.
Somebody answered.
Sit there.
Sit still.
Sing along.
Sign this.
Seize him!
School's out.
Say please.
Say hello.
Say goodbye.
Return immediately.
Return fire.
Replace it.
Please wait.
Please proceed.
Please listen.
Nothing's working.
Nobody volunteers.
Nobody volunteered.
Nobody understands.
Nobody remembers.
Nobody called.
Nobody answered.
Memorize this.
Memorize it.
Love lasts.
Love hurts.
Look here.
Look closer.
Look closely.
Look away.
Look again.
Let's vote.
Let's see.
Leave town.
Leave tomorrow.
Leave Tom.
Keep writing.
Keep working.
Keep warm.
Keep walking.
Keep this.
Keep them.
Keep that.
Keep talking.
Keep still.
Keep smiling.
Keep singing.
Keep searching.
Keep running.
Keep paddling.
Keep moving.
Keep looking.
Keep focused.
Keep fighting.
Keep digging.
Keep dancing.
Keep cool.
Keep climbing.
Keep back.
Keep away.
Ignore them.
Ignore that.
Identify yourself.
I've remarried.
I've failed.
I've checked.
I'm yours.
I'm wounded.
I'm worried.
I'm working.
I'm waiting.
I'm unarmed.
I'm trying.
I'm trapped.
I'm touched.
I'm ticklish.
I'm through.
I'm thirty.
I'm stubborn.
I'm staying.
I'm ruined.
I'm restless.
I'm rested.
I'm replaceable.
I'm relaxed.
I'm positive.
I'm optimistic.
I'm offended.
I'm nervous.
I'm miserable.
I'm managing.
I'm lying.
I'm irreplaceable.
I'm interested.
I'm impressed.
I'm impatient.
I'm immune.
I'm homeless.
I'm home.
I'm here.
I'm grounded.
I'm grateful.
I'm fasting.
I'm fascinated.
I'm early.
I'm downstairs.
I'm divorced.
I'm devastated.
I'm cooperating.
I'm convinced.
I'm concerned.
I'm concentrating.
I'm claustrophobic.
I'm celebrating.
I'm Canadian.
I'm bluffing.
I'm blind.
I'm bleeding.
I'm armed.
I'm ambidextrous.
I'm alone.
I'm afraid.
I'll walk.
I'll understand.
I'll stay.
I'll start.
I'll stand.
I'll shoot.
I'll scream.
I'll quit.
I'll manage.
I'll hurry.
I'll explain.
I'll drive.
I'll cook.
I'll change.
I'll cancel.
I'll call.
I'd leave.
I volunteered.
I tripped.
I sympathize.
I see.
I resigned.
I remember.
I promise.
I panicked.
I misunderstood.
I improvised.
I exercised.
I exaggerated.
I disagree.
I contributed.
I confessed.
How tragic!
How thrilling!
How perceptive!
How pathetic!
How humiliating!
How exciting!
How clever!
How barbaric!
How adventurous!
How absurd!
Have some.
Have another.
Get upstairs.
Get started.
Get moving.
Get inside.
Get everything.
Get dressed.
Get changed.
Forgive us.
Forget Tom.
Follow Tom.
Finish this.
Find Tom.
Examine them.
Everything's free.
Everything's changing.
Everything changes.
Everything changed.
Everyone's there.
Everyone's sick.
Everyone's dead.
Everyone survived.
Everyone prayed.
Everyone looked.
Everyone hesitated.
Everyone escaped.
Everybody's worried.
Everybody waited.
Everybody stayed.
Everybody panicked.
Everybody paid.
Everybody left.
Everybody knew.
Everybody down!
Everybody cheered.
Everybody applauded.
Don't stop.
Don't stare.
Don't smile.
Don't sing.
Don't rush.
Don't run.
Don't push.
Don't lie.
Don't jump!
Don't fight.
Don't cheat.
Defend yourselves.
Control yourselves.
Control yourself.
Continue working.
Continue digging.
Comfort Tom.
Come inside.
Come alone.
Come again.
Check that.
Check everyone.
Carry this.
Bring wine.
Bring help.
Bring food.
Bring backup.
Bless you.
Beer's good.
Be watchful.
Be tolerant.
Be thorough.
Be specific.
Be serious.
Be sensible.
Be ruthless.
Be prepared.
Be merciful.
Be friendly.
Be discreet.
Be creative.
Ask around.
Ask anybody.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
Italy isn't Greece.
I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.
Don't forget we have to do our homework.
We should make something like that.
Who ordered that?
I'm learning Chinese.
I ate sand.
I paid in cash.
Never give up!
I was in the hospital last week.
She dived naked into the sea.
He's sloshed.
He's plastered.
Are you in a bad mood?
Are you still sleepy?
Contribute to Tatoeba.
It snowed yesterday.
The event takes place rain or shine.
Sweden's population is growing.
Greece has many islands.
You've won!
You've grown.
You're stupid.
You're losing.
We've won!
We're trying.
We forgot.
We failed.
Tom'll wait.
Tom'll understand.
Tom'll talk.
Tom'll succeed.
Tom'll stay.
Tom'll reconsider.
Tom'll quit.
Tom'll pay.
Tom'll lose.
Tom'll know.
Tom'll improve.
Tom'll help.
Tom'll cry.
Tom'll come.
Tom'll change.
Tom'll call.
Tom recovered.
Think again.
They're broken.
They'll know.
They voted.
That's unimportant.
That's Saturn.
That's plastic.
That's fine.
It's Tom.
It's strange.
It's Saturday.
It's sand.
It's ours.
It's locked.
It's here.
It's futile.
It's fun.
It's empty.
It's difficult.
It's dark.
It's close.
It's Christmas.
It helps.
It happens.
It happened.
I'm ready!
I'm motivated.
I'm losing.
I'm late.
I'll live.
I waited.
I survived.
I stayed.
I recovered.
I promised.
All the rooms are taken.
I hate women who say that all men are the same.
I wish I could paint like that.
Come back in a day.
Do you know what love is?
It all went wrong.
Every vector space has a basis.
More than 60% of people in Britain maintain an active Facebook profile.
Touch wood!
Yes, with pleasure.
Crime doesn't pay in the long run.
You look fat.
I was impressed with her work.
I like your city.
She has a double chin.
Water, please.
He reads a book.
Is the horse black?
This is Italy.
Are you religious?
Why are people always so cynical?
My sister started crying.
He's just a know-it-all.
A man like me needs a hat.
It's a quarter to two.
He loves soccer.
He likes soccer a lot.
That's really surprising.
Even a child knows that.
Even children know that.
Don't you agree?
He speaks Portuguese.
That flag is very beautiful.
He darkens the room.
We must leave right away.
He always goes to work at 8:00 a.m.
It is difficult to speak in public.
He wanted to flatter me.
Hands off!
Do you speak Bulgarian?
He and I are the same age.
I need to talk to him.
I mean no disrespect.
How are you, son?
The train is about to arrive.
I am waiting for the bus.
I'm not in that much of a hurry.
There's another meaning, too.
I tried to remove all doubt.
I regret that I didn't go there.
Why don't you take off your coat?
Aren't you going to take your coat off?
He went on singing.
She was the first one to notice him.
It is very small.
The new furniture came today.
The house always wins.
He's my sister's husband. He's my brother-in-law.
Is your wife still in America?
What do you want to say to me?
He is probably still alive.
The cup was empty.
I consider Tom a friend.
I love snow. It's so pretty!
You promise?
That belongs to us.
Where is she?
I'm going to buy some bread.
Do you see them?
Somebody saw you.
I saw somebody.
He saw it, too.
He almost died.
She just told me.
I think she's hiding something.
That's all I saw.
That's just fascinating.
I feel powerless.
He deserves to know the truth.
He's in danger of being evicted.
Are you afraid of silence?
What does silence sound like?
I have written a letter.
I love cheese.
Words cannot describe it.
Whales are similar to fish in shape.
Am I making lots of mistakes?
He forgot to feed the dog.
What have you done with my luggage?
We really need to win.
It wasn't easy.
I'm proud of my children.
It was not an easy decision.
She surprised me.
Calm down, son.
I am nineteen years old.
Someone is playing the piano.
I was frustrated.
Skip the boring chapters.
All swans are white.
This swan is black.
You lack imagination.
He never laughs.
He couldn't concentrate on the conversation.
Mount Fuji is extraordinary.
The village needs your help.
Don't smoke here, it's a hospital!
Freeze!
I know Portuguese, English, and Russian.
He says it's urgent.
The leaves on the trees have turned red.
He always forgets his money.
I need it today.
That's how it should be.
I must hurry.
I'll buy it.
Parking prohibited!
Beware of thieves.
I thought you hated me.
Hey, guys, wait for me!
I was happy to see her.
This is sick.
Do you want to do this now?
It's just an expression.
I live in Kazakhstan.
I had to drag him out of bed.
I hate this job.
I ran outside.
We're all in the same boat.
Here's your change.
I'm not done with you.
I'm not done with you yet.
I like the way you think.
School sucks.
An important quality of steel is its strength.
I am so sick.
I suppose you are right.
That man is a soldier.
The book is on the table.
The police detained several suspects for questioning.
The two men were business partners.
There was only one case of chicken pox at the school.
They are willing to talk about the problem.
They believe in God.
They were members of the middle class.
Water power turns the wheel.
We ask the teacher questions every day.
We have only two dollars.
We should study.
You must go to school.
She complains all the time.
They cancelled the festival.
Tom and Mary have two cats.
Everybody ran outside.
She ran outside half-naked.
Both were naked.
He has a butler and a cook.
I caught a big fish yesterday with my bare hands.
Strictly forbidden.
I'm a farmer.
It's a fruit.
It's a plant.
It was a good example.
I had to tell the truth.
I returned the knife that I borrowed.
He's crying.
The cat is twenty years old.
The book costs 4 dollars.
I don't even vote.
It's your duty to vote.
I can live with that.
Tom has enough time.
I got up an hour ago.
You need a ride?
He owes me a favor.
He owes me one.
They need new shoes.
It was a waste of time.
Pardon my French.
John has five apples.
Answer me!
She sounded mad.
That's cheating.
Where do you speak Esperanto?
I like learning old languages.
I don't like scary movies.
Let's not forget the real reason we're here.
Let's not forget that Tom doesn't understand French.
He's now aboard the ship.
He asked me if I were happy.
I continued reading the book.
It's homemade.
Criminals should go to jail.
Not all criminals should go to jail.
"You don't know how to smoke? ""Of course I know how to smoke!"""
Something was wrong.
She never told me.
He's a freelance journalist.
What keeps you up at night?
It tastes like chicken.
Any questions?
I'm not a fool.
When is she coming back?
My name is Dušana.
She is gaining weight.
It rained for three days.
She gained weight.
I was young at the time.
I gave you my word.
I need a volunteer.
It's a delicate situation.
What a bad movie!
My hands are cold.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, for the people.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
There is a boy.
I often visit my relatives.
Do you want to see my cat?
Do you want to see my room?
I play football.
He lives with his mother.
I don't have time to relax.
He looks down on everybody else.
I'd like bread and butter, please.
Everybody likes money.
Is that sweet?
Who is your girlfriend?
Meow.
The specified email is already registered.
I like your website.
Mary is thirsty.
I hate fluorescent lights.
I hate fluorescent lighting.
You're on to something.
I'll tell my mom!
I'll take that into consideration.
I'll tell my dad!
That explains a lot.
He loved me, but he doesn't love me anymore.
Me too!
It's against my religion.
He was stunned by her beauty.
I knew it would happen sooner or later.
I think about him a lot.
This rice is sticky.
Thanks for translating my sentences.
Humans originated in Africa.
I've decided to study kanji.
What was I thinking?
That book is old.
It won't happen to me.
We know each other quite well.
We were attacked by zombies.
There are exceptions.
It's a fish.
It was hard to believe.
It's hard to believe.
They went to the public swimming pool.
I'm very proud of my son.
I'm very proud of my daughter.
I grew up in a poor family.
How was the wedding?
I was shaken.
It's not hard to find.
Oh, shut up!
I'm worth more than this.
She stole my clothes!
Tell me where he is.
How old is she now?
How old is he now?
Get away from me!
Are we broke?
My house, my rules.
I didn't have a choice.
This is not funny!
Hey guys, I think I found something.
I love to see you laugh.
Do you know how to do this?
This is my final offer.
They just left.
He just left.
Nice wheels.
I got her phone number.
You're not normal.
She's loaded.
Women love that.
You'll ruin everything.
I can't accept this.
Keep driving.
I can't wait to meet him.
He will be here today.
They don't know yet.
He doesn't know yet.
Hurry up, girls.
We were always together.
She looks good for her age.
I love shopping!
I hate shopping.
He hates shopping.
I tried everything.
Your mother is going to kill me.
I'm sorry I'm calling you at work.
I hate spinach.
Why didn't you listen to him?
Call 911!
He's a very nice boy.
You can sleep on the couch.
I'm a black belt in karate.
Honey, I love you.
I have to work tomorrow.
Hey, guys. What's up?
You should marry someone you love.
I've seen enough.
Hurry up, girls, you're going to be late.
Hurry up, guys, you're going to be late.
Hurry up, guys.
I have a lot of work to do today.
I only have six months to live.
I don't want to get into trouble.
They're almost here.
We were just holding hands.
This is a miracle.
Go away. I don't want to see you.
Rules are meant to be kept, not broken.
Who are you trying to convince?
I think we should talk.
We were both drunk.
They were both drunk.
Don't interfere.
Don't interrupt.
Help us.
It's acceptable.
It's awesome.
It's awful.
It's broken.
It's clean.
It's conceivable.
It's delicious.
It's exciting.
It's forbidden.
It's green.
It's immoral.
It's improbable.
It's inadequate.
It's irrelevant.
It's morning.
It's night.
It's obsolete.
It's his.
It's ready.
It's redundant.
It's regrettable.
It's sufficient.
It's terrifying.
It's transparent.
It's unforgettable.
It's unlocked.
It's unnecessary.
It's upstairs.
It's urgent.
It's Wednesday.
It's yours.
Let's pray.
Listen closely.
That's acceptable.
That's evident.
That's fun.
That's logical.
That's lovely.
That's ludicrous.
That's him.
That's her.
That's his.
That's hers.
That's unfair.
That's wise.
Tom screamed.
Tom understood.
You've misunderstood.
It's not just illegal, it's also dangerous.
I really like that guy.
I wasn't prepared for this.
Why don't you tell me about it?
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
She's ruthless.
When you're right, you're right.
Did you go to the stadium?
My brother is eight years older than me.
I am totally confused.
It became useless.
You're killing me.
He will be missed.
How's everyone doing today?
You're so mean.
Enjoy your meal.
Can I have a beer, please?
Two beers please.
It's not about the money.
No one was hurt.
I don't know her very well.
I don't know him very well.
She'll understand.
He'll understand.
I used to be like you.
She'll be back in a few minutes.
He'll be back in a few minutes.
Try not to worry.
No one can replace you.
It wasn't a permission.
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.
I still believe the Internet is not a place for children.
I would like to ask you a favor.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
We went for a walk on the beach.
We drank all night.
I wasn't too sure about it.
She didn't want to do it.
You were great.
He was great.
She was great.
He moved back with his parents.
I just don't get it.
He's a grown man.
You don't love me!
Nobody deserves that.
We don't trust strangers.
You are my angel.
I'll take care of that.
He'll take care of that.
She'll take care of that.
I think about him all the time.
She kissed me passionately.
Are you jealous of her?
I was young and I needed the money.
The food was better in prison.
We grew up together.
He banged his head.
He banged his knee.
I think I'm a likeable guy...
He's a dumb-ass.
I'm sorry I'm such a dumbass.
He denied everything.
She denied everything.
She loves to party.
He loves to party.
I love to party.
Please don't tell my wife.
It could have been worse.
You're testing my patience.
I saw a bum at the train station.
He wears designer glasses.
He's deep in debt.
Let's watch something else.
She caught me watching porn.
Have you seen enough?
I have seen enough.
Don't take this the wrong way.
My cat is happy.
That's not the only problem.
Boats can sink.
That's not acceptable.
War is hell.
Is that your sister?
I have a date.
I'm not joking.
People are more important than money.
Where did you park the car?
How many counties are there in Florida?
How many windows are there?
How many people are likely to show up?
How many of your students are here?
How many teams are there?
How many players are there?
How many guards were there?
Did you close the door?
Never change a winning team.
I think she's hiding something from me.
I haven't seen him in a few days.
Tell me, tell me.
You think you're funny?
We're in deep shit.
Would you like to sing?
I ran downstairs.
That's very funny.
Get back to work, you lazy bum!
This is a disaster.
She's young and single.
He only cares about himself.
The price of coffee went down.
I love her sister very much.
It's against my principles.
I need my privacy.
He's not perfect.
It's a girl thing.
He isn't perfect.
They're animals.
She's bright and articulate.
Everybody hates me.
He drives a Ferrari.
On your mark, get set, go!
He made no reply.
She made no reply.
She's my guardian angel.
I can be there in ten minutes.
I promised my parents I wouldn't drink.
Give me your keys.
They look cool.
My wallet's gone.
My parents were proud of me.
Stop sucking up to the teacher.
I don't have the slightest clue.
I've got a little problem.
I let Tom in the house.
I was sad.
Our time is limited.
I was travelling.
I was lying.
I was singing.
I was pregnant.
I was married.
She has three children.
He's Austrian.
Tom is adorable.
We're adventurous.
I'm adventurous.
Tom is afraid.
We're afraid.
Tom is aggressive.
Tom is agitated.
You're ambitious.
I'm amused.
Tom is arrogant.
You're arrogant.
Tom is articulate.
Tom is ashamed.
We're ashamed.
Tom is astonished.
We're astonished.
Tom is athletic.
I'm attentive.
Mary is attractive.
We're available.
Tom is back.
You're back.
Tom is bad.
We're baffled.
Tom is believable.
We're better.
We're biased.
I'm biased.
Tom is bilingual.
Tom is boring.
Tom is callous.
Tom is Canadian.
We're Canadians.
You're cantankerous.
We're certain.
Tom is charming.
You're charming.
We're claustrophobic.
We're clean.
Tom is cold.
We're cold.
Tom is conceited.
We're confident.
We're confused.
You're confused.
You're conscientious.
We're conservative.
We're contented.
I'm cool.
Tom is correct.
You're correct.
Tom is courageous.
You're courageous.
Tom is courteous.
Tom is creative.
I'm creative.
Tom is cruel.
You're cruel.
Tom is curious.
You're dangerous.
Tom is deceitful.
I'm dedicated.
Tom is defenseless.
Tom is demented.
I'm different.
Tom is difficult.
Tom is diplomatic.
I'm diplomatic.
We're discreet.
Tom is discreet.
Tom is dizzy.
Tom is efficient.
Tom is eloquent.
Tom is emotional.
We're enthusiastic.
You're exhausted.
Tom is exhausted.
We're exhausted.
You're extraordinary.
You're extroverted.
Tom is extroverted.
Tom is fair.
Tom is faithful.
You're famous.
I'm famous.
Tom is fantastic.
You're fascinating.
You're fashionable.
You're fearless.
Tom is fearless.
You're fine.
I'm finicky.
I'm first.
Tom is flabbergasted.
Tom is foolish.
Tom is forgetful.
Tom is forgiven.
Tom is fortunate.
You're free.
Tom is full.
Tom is fun.
I'm fussy.
Tom is generous.
You're generous.
Tom is good.
Mary is graceful.
You're great.
I'm greedy.
Tom is grounded.
I'm gullible.
Tom is hammered.
Tom is helpful.
You're here.
Tom is hideous.
Tom is hopeless.
Tom is horrible.
I'm horrible.
I'm humble.
We're hungry.
We're illiterate.
Tom is illiterate.
I'm illiterate.
Tom is immature.
Tom is immoral.
Tom is impartial.
You're impatient.
Tom is impatient.
Tom is impressive.
Tom is impulsive.
You're inconsiderate.
You're incorrigible.
Tom is indecisive.
Tom is influential.
You're innocent.
I'm inside.
Tom is insightful.
We're innocent.
We're interested.
Tom is interested.
You're interesting.
Tom is intrigued.
You're introverted.
Tom is introverted.
Tom is inventive.
Tom is involved.
Tom is irresponsible.
I'm jealous.
Tom is jealous.
You're jealous.
Tom is kind.
You're kind.
We're lazy.
Tom is lost.
You're lost.
Tom is loud.
You're mean.
Tom is mean.
Tom is methodical.
You're modest.
You're moody.
You're motivated.
Tom is motivated.
Tom is naive.
You're naive.
I'm needy.
You're nervous.
Tom is nice.
Tom is normal.
Tom is nuts.
You're nuts.
Tom is objective.
We're objective.
You're obnoxious.
Tom is obstinate.
Tom is odd.
Tom is offended.
We're OK.
Tom is OK.
You're OK.
Tom is old.
You're old.
You're optimistic.
We're optimistic.
Tom is organized.
Tom is outgoing.
I'm overweight.
I'm overworked.
You're patient.
We're patient.
Tom is pessimistic.
You're photogenic.
Tom is photogenic.
You're polite.
I'm popular.
Tom is positive.
We're powerful.
Tom is powerful.
Tom is precise.
Tom is productive.
Tom is punctual.
You're quiet.
Tom is rational.
I'm rational.
Tom is reckless.
Tom is relaxed.
We're reliable.
I'm reliable.
Tom is remarkable.
Tom is reserved.
Tom is responsible.
I'm rich.
Tom is rich.
Tom is ridiculous.
We're right.
Tom is rude.
I'm ruthless.
You're sad.
Tom is sad.
We're sad.
I'm safe.
Tom is safe.
Tom is sarcastic.
Tom is scary.
You're selfish.
Tom is selfish.
I'm selfish.
Tom is sensitive.
Tom is shameless.
We're shocked.
I'm shocked.
We're shy.
You're shy.
Tom is shy.
I'm shy.
We're sick.
Tom is sincere.
I'm sincere.
Tom is skinny.
Tom is small.
You're smart.
Tom is smashed.
I'm sneaky.
We're special.
Tom is special.
Tom is speechless.
We're speechless.
I'm spontaneous.
Tom is starved.
Tom is strict.
I'm strong.
Tom is strong.
You're strong.
Tom is stubborn.
I'm stuck.
Tom is stunned.
I'm stunned.
We're successful.
You're successful.
I'm successful.
We're surprised.
I'm surprised.
Tom is terrified.
You're thin.
Tom is thin.
I'm thin.
I'm thorough.
I'm tidy.
You're tired.
Tom is touched.
I'm tough.
Tom is trustworthy.
Tom is truthful.
You're unambitious.
Tom is unambitious.
Mary is unattractive.
Tom is unbelievable.
You're unbiased.
We're unemployed.
You're unfair.
We're unhappy.
I'm unhappy.
Tom is unimaginative.
Tom is uninsured.
We're uninsured.
Tom is uninteresting.
We're unlucky.
You're unlucky.
I'm unlucky.
You're unnecessary.
You're unpredictable.
We're untalented.
I'm untalented.
I'm upset.
We're useless.
You're useless.
Tom is useless.
I'm useless.
Tom is vague.
Tom is vain.
Mary is vivacious.
I'm weak.
We're weak.
Tom is weak.
You're weak.
We're wealthy.
Tom is wealthy.
I'm wealthy.
Tom is wise.
You're wise.
You're worried.
Tom is worried.
We're worried.
Tom is wounded.
Tom is young.
We're young.
Tom accelerated.
Tom approves.
We're armed.
Who ate?
Tom ate.
We'll attack.
Tom will attend.
Tom came.
Who came?
Who canceled?
Tom changed.
Who cheated?
You're cheating.
Tom will check.
We'll check.
Tom cheered.
Who's coming?
We're coming.
We'll continue.
Who contributed?
Tom contributed.
We're contributing.
You're contributing.
Who'll cook?
We'll cook.
Tom will cook.
We'll cooperate.
Tom will cooperate.
We're cooperating.
You're cooperating.
I'm dancing.
We're dancing.
Tom is dancing.
We'll decide.
Tom will decide.
Tom decided.
Who's dieting?
I'm dieting.
We're dieting.
Tom disagreed.
We'll drive.
Tom will drive.
We're dying.
Who escaped?
We're escaping.
Tom exercised.
Tom exercises.
We're exercising.
Tom is exercising.
We'll fail.
Tom will fail.
Who fell?
Tom fell.
We'll fight.
Tom will fight.
I'm fighting.
We're fighting.
Who's going?
We'll go.
We're going.
Who's he?
I'm hiding.
We're hiding.
Tom is hiding.
I'm humming.
We'll hurry.
Who intervened?
Tom intervened.
We're joking.
Tom is kidding.
Tom knew.
Tom lies.
Tom listens.
We're managing.
I'm meditating.
We're meditating.
Tom misunderstood.
I'm moving.
We're moving.
We'll obey.
Tom will obey.
Tom obeyed.
I'm overreacting.
We're overreacting.
Who panicked?
Tom panicked.
Who's paying?
We're paying.
I'm persevering.
We're persevering.
Who phoned?
Tom phoned.
We're prisoners.
You're prisoners.
Tom promised.
Tom is quitting.
Who ran?
Tom ran.
We're reading.
Tom is reading.
Tom refused.
Tom relaxed.
Tom relented.
Tom remembered.
Tom remembers.
Tom resigned.
Who responded?
Tom will respond.
Tom is retiring.
Tom rocks.
We're saved.
Who's screaming?
We're screaming.
You're screaming.
We'll see.
Who's she?
We'll shoot.
I'm shooting.
We'll sing.
I'm sleeping.
I'm speaking.
Tom is speaking.
Who spoke?
Tom spoke.
Tom squinted.
I'm standing.
We're standing.
Tom is standing.
We'll start.
Tom will start.
We'll starve.
We're starving.
Who stayed?
Tom stayed.
Who's staying?
We're staying.
Tom is staying.
Tom will succeed.
Tom succeeded.
Tom surrendered.
Tom swam.
Tom sweated.
Who talked?
Tom talked.
I'm talking.
Tom teaches.
Answer Tom.
Call Tom.
Catch Tom.
Forgive Tom.
Help Tom.
Hit Tom.
Hug Tom.
Humor Tom.
Kiss Tom.
Save Tom.
Stop Tom.
Trust Tom.
Write Tom.
Tom tried.
Tom tries.
Tom is trying.
Tom understands.
We're undressing.
Who vanished?
Who's volunteering?
Who volunteered?
Tom volunteers.
Tom voted.
We'll walk.
Tom walked.
Tom walks.
I'm winning.
You're winning.
Tom is winning.
We'll work.
Tom will work.
Tom works.
Who yelled?
Tom yelled.
She will be missed.
When I lived in America I played golf with my friends.
How is life?
I washed my hands.
She knows everything.
It's his first day at school.
It's her first day at school.
Is it your first day at school?
Don't do something stupid.
These boots are expensive.
Are you surprised?
He laughed at me.
She laughed at me.
I never lied to you.
She knows too much.
Remember everything.
Good luck with that.
Show me the money.
It's rude to stare.
I was alone.
I'm not alone.
I wasn't alone.
Am I alone here?
Tom isn't alone.
Did Tom go alone?
Tom is all alone.
Are you all alone?
I live here alone.
They aren't alone.
They're now alone.
I can survive alone.
I love being alone.
I hate to eat alone.
Don't leave me alone.
I prefer to eat alone.
I prefer to work alone.
Tom likes to travel alone.
Tom was alone in the room.
I want to be alone for a while.
I hate being alone this time of year.
I'd really rather be alone right now.
Neither of us could have done it alone.
I don't work on Sundays.
Okay, I'm ready.
He doesn't have a family.
We are a family.
She broke the rules.
I want to find true love.
You need help.
It's a small town.
People will talk.
It's his first time.
It's her first time.
He was not happy about it.
I think she's in love with me.
Whatever you do, don't open that door.
Why don't you give me a break?
Why don't you grow up?
Why don't you have a drink?
Why don't you help us?
I'm bored to death.
Why is my sister so mean?
Why is my sister so mean to me?
Why don't you love me?
Why don't you sing?
Why don't you slow down a little bit?
Why don't you stop worrying and get some sleep?
We're the best.
I'm angry because someone stole my bicycle.
I'll follow you anywhere.
One measures the temperature with a thermometer.
The temperature is measured by a thermometer.
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb?
It's very small.
Have you ever eaten at that restaurant?
Have you ever eaten at this restaurant?
Have you ever eaten alone in a restaurant?
What's a porcupine?
I knew this would happen.
You are a dream.
He's too slow.
We've talked about that.
I wasn't flirting.
God knows why.
Get a grip!
It's the only way.
I hate dancing.
Do what he says.
Pope Benedict XVI has resigned.
She gave me her phone number.
Is he looking at me?
Why are you looking at me?
I find this difficult to believe.
You look gorgeous in that dress.
If you insist.
You look perfect.
Move your ass!
I'm not nervous.
Am I fat?
Does this look good on me?
You're not fat.
He's kind of cute, isn't he?
Tom thinks Mary is cute.
Don't be afraid to talk to her.
Don't be afraid to talk to him.
Why does nobody answer?
Tom will be ready.
Tom will call back.
Tom will change.
Tom will complain.
Tom will continue.
Tom will cry.
Tom will find Mary.
Tom will find you.
Tom will help.
Tom will improve.
Tom will kill me.
Tom will know.
Tom will live.
Tom will lose.
Tom will never know.
Tom will quit.
Tom will recover.
Tom will remain.
Tom will remember.
Tom will stay.
Tom will suffer.
Tom will talk.
Tom will try.
Tom will use force.
Tom will work hard.
He lives like a king.
You're too young to understand.
She wants me to help her.
Lock the doors.
Leave me alone! I hate you!
Don't be so modest.
The neighbors will call the police if you don't turn the music down.
I ran upstairs.
What will the neighbors think?
What will the neighbours think?
What will the neighbors say?
What will the neighbours say?
She stole my heart.
I replied that I didn't have parents any more.
You're gorgeous.
You're mine.
You're a looker.
You're after me.
You're an angel.
You're avoiding me.
You're hurting me.
You're lying now.
You're not bleeding.
You're not cooperating.
You're not fit.
You aren't invited.
You aren't looking.
You're not poor.
You're not special.
You aren't Tom.
You aren't wrong.
You're really selfish.
You're so romantic.
You're the experts.
You're the owners.
You're too modest.
You're too old.
You're too polite.
You're too young.
You're unbelievably stupid.
You're very beautiful.
You're very brave.
You're very efficient.
You're very nice.
You're very open.
You're very wise.
You're wasting ammo.
You're wasting water.
I really should know the answer.
My hair is too long.
My hair's too long.
It's not like it used to be.
Things are not like they used to be.
Do you know how to ride a horse?
Why am I crying?
Do you need anything else?
Klingons have ridged foreheads.
Elves have pointy ears.
Why learn Klingon?
I need you in my life.
Will you dance with me?
I've never done this before.
The lesson has ended.
My dad speaks English well.
She closed her eyes.
I didn't want to look stupid.
I didn't want to look foolish.
What did you think of him?
My feet are killing me.
He kept staring at me.
I was intrigued.
He was intrigued.
She was intrigued.
She had tears in her eyes.
The girls giggled.
Please be honest.
We've run out of beer.
Are you dating anyone?
What do you want to learn?
What do you want to see while you're here?
She wants a serious relationship.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Thursday.
I want a boyfriend.
Men cry too.
The apples are red.
In your dreams!
There are rats in the kitchen.
My sister is so annoying.
Boys are stupid.
I don't want to offend you.
I'm not shy.
He's very protective.
Does this make me look fat?
Is this normal?
We've all done that.
I have no objection.
You need to work fast.
We broke up.
Have you seen her before?
Have you seen him before?
I don't like leaving the job half done.
Stop playing Minecraft.
I can't stop playing Minecraft.
He doesn't listen to me.
She doesn't listen to me.
Have you ever been to China?
Mary is very beautiful.
Mary is quite attractive.
Mary is quite beautiful.
It made me very happy.
He lay down on his back.
I bit my tongue.
He speaks Chinese.
A golden key opens all doors.
He seems angry.
Is this the first time you've eaten Japanese food?
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes?
I was sick.
Do not threaten me.
Emily is thirsty.
I feel like I've already seen this movie.
Are you vegetarian or vegan?
She baked a pie.
She laced the cake with poison.
She baked an apple pie.
I baked it for you.
I wasn't looking at you.
She teaches yoga.
I've tried everything.
My wife is the boss at home.
I'm the boss.
My husband is a good man.
He's a foodie.
The boy was tired.
Everyone is different.
Just ignore it.
Why is he staring at me?
It was a divine intervention.
Go find out.
Go home.
Go now.
Go on.
Go see Tom.
Go with Tom.
I come from America.
You were confused.
I wanted a jacket.
I have a car that was made in Japan.
This is a question of conscience.
It's way too cold to swim.
This is better.
This is big.
This is disgusting.
This is fun.
This is gold.
This is good.
This is great.
This is hers.
This is hopeless.
This is interesting.
This is justified.
This is mine.
This is pointless.
This is priceless.
This is required.
This is unbelievable.
This is yours.
This isn't easy.
This isn't legal.
This isn't sugar.
What's happening here?
What's that called?
What's this thing?
What's your question?
He's afraid of snakes.
Don't laugh!
What is your friend's name?
He likes me and I like him too.
That's a promise.
I was only joking.
I was just joking.
What school did you go to?
What high school did you go to?
Where did you go to college?
What if I refuse?
You're not my father!
Girls can be astronauts, too.
I wish I had a million dollars.
Mom! Stop! You're embarrassing me.
Everyone was looking at me.
Why is everyone looking at me?
Why is everyone looking at us?
Was Tom angry?
Was Tom handsome?
Was Tom here?
Was Tom rescued?
Was Tom there?
Ask Tom again.
Bring Tom here.
Can Tom cook?
Did Tom die?
Did Tom drown?
Did Tom eat?
Did Tom fall?
Did Tom help?
Did Tom know?
Did Tom object?
Did Tom stay?
Did Tom swim?
Did Tom try?
Don't forget Tom.
Help Tom out.
I admire Tom.
I admired Tom.
I believe Tom.
I believed Tom.
I despise Tom.
I envy Tom.
I fired Tom.
I helped Tom.
I hired Tom.
I hit Tom.
I like Tom.
I liked Tom.
I misjudged Tom.
I need Tom.
I promised Tom.
I recommended Tom.
I respected Tom.
I see Tom.
I told Tom.
I understand Tom.
I want Tom.
I watched Tom.
I'll warn Tom.
I'm calling Tom.
I'm helping Tom.
I'm not Tom.
I'm Tom's fiancée.
I'm Tom's cousin.
I'm Tom's father.
I'm Tom's neighbor.
I'm Tom's sister.
Is Tom autistic?
Is Tom fighting?
Just find Tom.
Just follow Tom.
Just ignore Tom.
Keep Tom inside.
Let Tom answer.
Let Tom come.
Let Tom decide.
Let Tom finish.
Let Tom in.
Let Tom know.
Let Tom speak.
Look at Tom.
Never mind Tom.
Never trust Tom.
Nobody believed Tom.
Only Tom knows.
Only Tom smiled.
Only Tom stayed.
Please call Tom.
Please find Tom.
Send Tom in.
Set Tom free.
Someone attacked Tom.
Take Tom downtown.
Take Tom inside.
Take Tom outside.
Take Tom upstairs.
Tell Tom no.
That was Tom.
That's Tom's house.
They tortured Tom.
They want Tom.
This stopped Tom.
Tom acted alone.
Tom admired Mary.
Tom admires Mary.
Tom almost choked.
Tom almost cried.
Tom almost laughed.
Tom answered quickly.
Tom apologized again.
Tom appears agitated.
Tom appears satisfied.
Tom appears stunned.
Tom appears unconscious.
Tom approved it.
Tom arrived late.
Tom arrived yesterday.
Tom arrives today.
Tom asked why.
Tom attacked me.
Tom became violent.
Tom began coughing.
Tom began working.
Tom believed Mary.
Tom believes him.
Tom believes Mary.
Tom believes me.
Tom believes that.
Tom betrayed Mary.
Tom betrayed us.
Tom broke in.
Tom broke that.
Tom brought flowers.
Tom called back.
Tom called us.
Tom called you.
Tom came early.
Tom came here.
Tom came home.
Tom came yesterday.
Tom can answer.
Tom can drive.
Tom can talk.
Tom can walk.
Tom can't win.
Tom caused this.
Tom changed subjects.
Tom chased Mary.
Tom chose well.
Tom chose wisely.
Tom continued crying.
Tom continued driving.
Tom continued eating.
Tom continued reading.
Tom continued speaking.
Tom continued talking.
Tom continued walking.
Tom continued working.
Tom convinced Mary.
Tom dances well.
Tom denied everything.
Tom denied it.
Tom deserves better.
Tom deserves that.
Tom did that.
Tom did well.
Tom didn't answer.
Tom didn't call.
Tom didn't listen.
Tom didn't reply.
Tom disobeyed me.
Tom drinks wine.
Tom drives fast.
Tom eats anything.
Tom encouraged Mary.
Tom felt bad.
Tom felt betrayed.
Tom felt nauseous.
Tom felt nothing.
Tom felt responsible.
Tom felt safe.
Tom finally left.
Tom finally smiled.
Tom finally spoke.
Tom fired first.
Tom fired Mary.
Tom followed me.
Tom followed us.
Tom follows orders.
Tom forgave Mary.
Tom forgives you.
Tom found evidence.
Tom found Mary.
Tom found one.
Tom found that.
Tom frightened Mary.
Tom frightened me.
Tom got caught.
Tom got confused.
Tom got dumped.
This pen doesn't write well.
Come on, Tom.
I didn't want my mom to know.
Tom is dejected.
Tom is delirious.
Tom is despondent.
Tom is determined.
Tom is devoted.
Tom is down.
Tom is drenched.
Tom is driven.
Tom is driving.
Tom is drunk.
Tom is effective.
Tom is excellent.
Tom is excited.
Tom is family.
Tom is frustrated.
Tom is giggling.
Tom is handcuffed.
Tom is heroic.
Tom is history.
Tom is hot.
Tom is immobile.
Tom is important.
Tom is in.
Tom is indignant.
Tom is innovative.
Tom is insecure.
Tom is insensitive.
Tom is inspired.
Tom is intolerant.
Tom is knocking.
Tom is last.
Tom is leaving.
Tom is likeable.
Tom is listening.
Tom is losing.
Tom is loyal.
Tom is merciful.
Tom is merciless.
Tom is naked.
Tom is nearby.
Tom is neutral.
Tom is new.
Tom is nodding.
Tom is oblivious.
Tom is observing.
Tom is occupied.
Tom is outside.
Tom is overjoyed.
Tom is packing.
Tom is pale.
Tom is passionate.
Tom is pathetic.
Tom is perplexed.
Tom is perspiring.
Tom is perverse.
Tom is pleasant.
Tom is pompous.
Tom is possessive.
Tom is puzzled.
Tom is radical.
Tom is ready.
Tom is recovering.
Tom is reformed.
Tom is regretful.
Tom is relieved.
Tom is reluctant.
Tom is resigning.
Tom is resolute.
Tom is rested.
Tom is romantic.
Tom is shaving.
Tom is shocked.
Tom is sickened.
Tom is similar.
Tom is sitting.
Tom is smarter.
Tom is smiling.
Tom is sobbing.
Tom is spirited.
Tom is stoic.
Tom is studious.
Tom is studying.
Tom is suicidal.
Tom is suspended.
Tom is suspicious.
Tom is tactless.
Tom is talking.
Tom is teasing.
Tom is tempted.
Tom is terrible.
Tom is there.
Tom is ticklish.
Tom is tireless.
Tom is touchy.
Tom is unafraid.
Tom is unfazed.
Tom is unmoved.
Tom is unnerved.
Tom is up.
Tom is walking.
Tom is warm.
Tom is watching.
Tom is welcome.
Tom is wonderful.
Tom isn't answering.
Tom isn't crying.
Tom isn't dumb.
Tom isn't guilty.
Tom isn't joking.
Tom isn't mean.
Tom isn't OK.
Tom isn't perfect.
Tom isn't reliable.
Tom isn't responding.
Tom isn't rich.
Tom isn't safe.
Tom isn't sleeping.
Tom isn't sure.
Tom isn't thirsty.
Tom isn't trained.
Tom isn't well.
Tom isn't working.
Tom isn't worried.
Tom joined us.
Tom just called.
Tom just died.
Tom just laughed.
Tom just smiled.
Tom just sneezed.
Tom just watched.
Tom kept coughing.
Tom kept crawling.
Tom kept driving.
Tom kept reading.
Tom kept singing.
Tom kept smiling.
Tom kept staring.
Tom kept talking.
Tom kept texting.
Tom kept walking.
Tom kept winning.
Tom kept working.
Tom kept writing.
Tom kept yelling.
Tom kidnapped Mary.
Tom knelt down.
Tom knew better.
Tom knew everything.
Tom knows her.
Tom knows horses.
Tom knows Mary.
Tom knows me.
Tom knows that.
Tom knows you.
Tom laughed nervously.
Tom left earlier.
Tom left immediately.
Tom left this.
Tom liked you.
Tom likes animals.
Tom likes basketball.
Tom likes games.
Tom likes her.
Tom likes him.
Tom likes hockey.
Tom likes it.
Tom likes jazz.
Tom likes lobster.
Tom likes Mary.
Tom likes spaghetti.
Tom likes that.
Tom likes them.
Tom likes this.
Tom looks baffled.
Tom looks curious.
Tom looks dead.
Tom looks drunk.
Tom looks dubious.
Tom looks excited.
Tom looks fine.
Tom looks good.
Tom looks hopeful.
Tom looks hungry.
Tom looks lost.
Tom looks nice.
Tom looks normal.
Tom looks OK.
Tom looks old.
Tom looks pleased.
Tom looks ridiculous.
Tom looks shocked.
Tom looks stunned.
Tom looks undecided.
Tom looks uneasy.
Tom looks weary.
Tom lost count.
Tom lost Mary.
Tom loved Boston.
Tom loved Mary.
Tom loved us.
Tom loved you.
Tom loves it.
Tom loves that.
Tom loves this.
Tom loves tulips.
Tom married Mary.
Tom may testify.
Tom needed food.
Tom needed hope.
Tom needed more.
Tom needed rest.
Tom needed this.
Tom needed time.
Tom needed water.
Tom needed work.
Tom needed you.
Tom needs hope.
Tom needs Mary.
Tom needs protection.
Tom needs something.
Tom needs this.
Tom needs time.
Tom needs us.
Tom needs water.
Tom needs work.
Tom needs you.
Tom nervously entered.
Tom never arrived.
Tom never asked.
Tom never came.
Tom never changed.
Tom never comes.
Tom never falls.
Tom never forgot.
Tom never jokes.
Tom never left.
Tom never lied.
Tom never showed.
Tom never stopped.
Tom never stops.
Tom nodded silently.
Tom noticed that.
Tom ordered this.
Tom paid cash.
Tom painted that.
Tom passed away.
Tom peered inside.
Tom poisoned Mary.
Tom recognized Mary.
Tom recognized it.
Tom recognized me.
Tom recommended Mary.
Tom recovered quickly.
Tom regained consciousness.
Tom released Mary.
Tom remained behind.
Tom remained calm.
Tom remembered everything.
Tom remembers you.
Tom rescued Mary.
Tom resigned today.
Tom responded immediately.
Tom returned fire.
Tom returned immediately.
Tom said goodnight.
Tom said something.
Tom said that.
Tom sat alone.
Tom sat listening.
Tom sat nearby.
Tom sat patiently.
Tom sat quietly.
Tom sat reading.
Tom sat silently.
Tom saw her.
Tom saw him.
Tom saw it.
Tom saw Mary.
Tom saw nothing.
Tom saw someone.
Tom saw something.
Tom saw them.
Tom saw us.
Tom saw you.
Tom scares easy.
Tom seemed fine.
Tom seemed hurt.
Tom seemed sad.
Tom seems calm.
Tom seems determined.
Tom seems distressed.
Tom seems excited.
Tom seems harmless.
Tom seems lost.
Tom seems nervous.
Tom seems pleased.
Tom seems puzzled.
Tom seems shocked.
Tom seems stunned.
Tom seems touched.
Tom seems unusual.
Tom seems worried.
Tom sees things.
Tom served dinner.
Tom shot me.
Tom should eat.
Tom should go.
Tom should relax.
Tom should resign.
Tom sipped wine.
Tom smelled funny.
Tom smells weird.
No one came.
Tom sounds angry.
Tom sounds sad.
Tom spoke calmly.
Tom stabbed Mary.
Tom started dreaming.
Tom started giggling.
Tom started reading.
Tom started shaking.
Tom started singing.
Tom started snoring.
Tom started yelling.
Tom surprised Mary.
Tom surprised me.
Tom talks funny.
Tom threatened me.
Tom threatened them.
Tom told Mary.
Tom told us.
Tom took it.
Tom took notes.
Tom tricked me.
Tom tried again.
Tom tries harder.
Tom trusted her.
Tom trusted him.
Tom trusted them.
Tom trusts him.
Tom trusts Mary.
Tom trusts me.
Tom trusts us.
Tom trusts you.
Tom turned quickly.
Tom turned right.
Tom understands Mary.
Tom understands me.
Tom understood immediately.
Tom waited calmly.
Tom waited expectantly.
Tom waited impatiently.
Tom waited inside.
Tom waited nearby.
Tom waited nervously.
Tom waited outside.
They made fun of my accent.
He's afraid to dance.
It's completely normal.
I'm not happy about it.
Nature is beautiful.
Organic food tastes better.
She loves to cook.
Organic food is healthier.
It's a necessary evil.
What is your favorite color?
I'm at school now.
Thank you for your kind words.
Tom waited there.
Tom wanted it.
Tom wants updates.
Tom warned Mary.
Tom was afraid.
Tom was appalled.
Tom was ashamed.
Tom was assaulted.
Tom was attacked.
Tom was available.
Tom was babbling.
Tom was better.
Tom was bleeding.
Tom was bluffing.
Tom was bragging.
Tom was breathing.
Tom was brilliant.
Tom was cheering.
Tom was clever.
Tom was concerned.
Tom was cool.
Tom was dangerous.
Tom was dead.
Tom was delirious.
Tom was deported.
Tom was detained.
Tom was different.
Tom was dirty.
Tom was dismissed.
Tom was distressed.
Tom was drowning.
Tom was drunk.
Tom was dumbstruck.
Tom was dying.
Tom was elderly.
Tom was elected.
Tom was excited.
Tom was famous.
Tom was fantastic.
Tom was fast.
Tom was flabbergasted.
Tom was flattered.
Tom was gone.
Tom was great.
Tom was guilty.
Tom was heartbroken.
Tom was here.
Tom was hilarious.
Tom was home.
Tom was hospitalized.
Tom was hungry.
Tom was hysterical.
Tom was innocent.
Tom was insane.
Tom was invited.
Tom was kidding.
Tom was laughing.
Tom was leaving.
Tom was listening.
Tom was naked.
Tom was negligent.
Tom was quick.
Tom was rejected.
Tom was released.
Tom was rich.
Tom was sad.
Tom was serious.
Tom was shot.
Tom was shy.
Tom was sick.
Tom was silent.
Tom was smart.
Tom was sober.
Tom was special.
Tom was starving.
Tom was strong.
Tom was suffocating.
Tom was sweet.
Tom was there.
Tom was unarmed.
Tom was unconscious.
Tom was upset.
Tom wasn't armed.
Tom wasn't crazy.
Justice is blind.
Tom wasn't moving.
Tom watched Mary.
Tom watches Mary.
Tom went inside.
Tom went pale.
Tom went running.
Tom won't mind.
Tom won't retire.
Tom works alone.
Tom works there.
Tom would cry.
Tom's hands trembled.
Wait for Tom.
We help Tom.
We helped Tom.
We like Tom.
We need Tom.
We'll miss Tom.
We're Tom's parents.
Where is Tom?
Where's Tom's computer?
Where's Tom's office?
Who told Tom?
My dad is the best dad in the world.
You're the best dad ever.
Why don't I have a girlfriend?
I just got a promotion.
Why don't you have a boyfriend?
Why don't you have a girlfriend?
Who's your girlfriend?
She's a married woman.
He's a married man.
Do you have a twin sister?
I just wanted to say thanks.
We're all here.
We're always careful.
We're always hungry.
We're doing great.
We're getting married.
We're here alone.
We're in town.
We're like family.
We're not eating.
We're not happy.
We're not home.
We're not needed.
We're not poor.
We're not rich.
We're not stupid.
We're really drunk.
We're safe here.
We're taking off.
We're too busy.
We're too old.
We're very grateful.
We're very excited.
We're very different.
We're under attack.
We're too vulnerable.
We're still friends.
We're only friends.
We're not prisoners.
We're not moving.
We're not lost.
We're not interested.
We're not hungry.
We're not arguing.
We're like brothers.
We're having breakfast.
We're going east.
We're going west.
We're behind schedule.
We're among friends.
We're alone here.
We're almost ready.
We're a family.
I tried to save him.
I tried to save you.
We're gardeners.
We're historians.
We're lawyers.
We're optimists.
We all change.
We all die.
We all know.
We all laughed.
We all work.
We can pay.
We can talk.
We can try.
We can wait.
We can't go.
We can't wait.
We closed early.
We declared war.
We fell asleep.
We found something.
We go tomorrow.
We had breakfast.
We had fun.
We had lunch.
We have enough.
We have everything.
We have food.
We have hope.
We have plans.
We have rules.
We have visitors.
We knew enough.
We knew that.
We know enough.
We know everything.
We like it.
We lost it.
We love you.
We meant well.
We miss you.
We must act.
We must attack.
We must focus.
We must hurry.
We must obey.
Make it so.
We need experts.
We need somebody.
We need tools.
We need water.
We needed help.
We never forget.
We never lose.
We never talk.
We prayed together.
We saw everything.
We saw something.
We saw you.
We searched everywhere.
We shook hands.
We want meat.
We were alone.
We were bored.
We were close.
We were eating.
We were passengers.
We were prisoners.
We were surrounded.
We were young.
We weren't lucky.
We'll all die.
We'll do that.
We'll help you.
We'll miss you.
We'll take it.
We'll take this.
We've already met.
We've just arrived.
We've tried everything.
I'll fix it now.
They're awake.
They're cold.
They're free.
They're interns.
They're murderers.
They're sisters.
They're there.
They're yours.
They adore Tom.
They all talked.
They already knew.
They already know.
They arrested her.
They arrested him.
They arrested Tom.
They believe it.
They believe you.
They believed Tom.
They came in.
They can wait.
They caught Tom.
They deserve it.
They deserve respect.
They don't care.
They don't help.
They drank coffee.
They fixed it.
They found nothing.
They found us.
They gave up.
They hate us.
They have kids.
They helped Tom.
They hired Tom.
They ignored me.
They killed Tom.
They know Tom.
They look confused.
They lost again.
They love me.
They love Tom.
They loved Tom.
They may go.
They murdered Tom.
They need help.
They play basketball.
They released Tom.
They said no.
They said yes.
They saw nothing.
They saw Tom.
They spoke French.
They started dancing.
They understood that.
They visited us.
They went crazy.
They went there.
They went together.
They were attacked.
They were closed.
They were dead.
They were dying.
They were fine.
They were friends.
They were lucky.
They were murdered.
They were perfect.
It's not just a theory.
I know why you're here.
They were right.
They were sick.
They were soldiers.
They weren't invited.
They'll be afraid.
They'll like that.
They're all guilty.
They're all tourists.
They're doing fine.
They're not afraid.
They're not coming.
They're not there.
They're our friends.
They're too dangerous.
They've been arrested.
Taiwan isn't part of China.
There are people who don't know yet that transgender exist.
I love camels.
He looks like a woman.
I saw Tom.
Is Tom alone?
Is Tom around?
Is Tom coming?
Is Tom dreaming?
Is Tom drunk?
Is Tom here?
Is Tom home?
Is Tom hungry?
Is Tom ill?
Is Tom jealous?
Is Tom lying?
Is Tom nervous?
Is Tom OK?
Is Tom right?
Is Tom safe?
Is Tom scared?
Is Tom sure?
Is Tom well?
Is Tom working?
Stop it, Tom.
These are Tom's.
Tom does everything.
Tom helped me.
Tom helped us.
Tom left Boston.
Tom left town.
Tom likes snow.
Tom loves children.
Tom loves dogs.
Tom made breakfast.
Tom steals stuff.
Tom wanted that.
Tom was scary.
Tom was talking.
Tom wasn't violent.
Am I hired?
Am I invited?
America loves you.
Are there survivors?
Are they dead?
Are those yours?
Are we alone?
Are we lost?
Are we prepared?
Are we ready?
Are we safe?
Are you alive?
Are you famous?
Are you interested?
Are you jealous?
Are you nervous?
Are you sleeping?
Aren't they adorable?
Aren't you cold?
Aren't you late?
Be on time.
Can I begin?
Can we help?
Can we stop?
Can you continue?
Can you help?
Can you sleep?
Can you stay?
Change the subject.
Close that door.
Close the book.
Come back in.
Come off it.
Come to me.
Come to us.
Cross the bridge.
Did you win?
Do it again.
Do you mind?
Does that help?
Does this count?
Don't be worried.
Don't buy that.
Don't get up.
Don't insult me.
Don't judge me.
Drink some water.
Drink this juice.
Drink your milk.
Everybody's still there.
Everyone knows me.
Everyone stayed calm.
Everyone was asleep.
Everyone was horrified.
Everyone was killed.
Everyone was speechless.
Everyone was there.
Everything is gone.
Everything is quiet.
Everything is working.
Find a job.
Flip a coin.
Get to bed.
Get your things.
Have a look.
Have a taste.
Have we met?
Here's the bill.
Here's the plan.
Here's your drink.
Hold my hand.
I abhor violence.
I admit it.
I almost died.
I almost forgot.
I belong here.
I broke it.
I brought wine.
I built it.
I burned it.
I called security.
I can cook.
I can explain.
I can manage.
I can sing.
I can wait.
I can walk.
I can't leave.
I checked everywhere.
I checked outside.
I couldn't walk.
I deserve it.
I deserve that.
I deserve this.
I deserved that.
I destroyed everything.
I didn't apologize.
I didn't call.
I didn't care.
I didn't drive.
I didn't flunk.
I didn't go.
I didn't laugh.
I didn't listen.
I didn't look.
I didn't scream.
I didn't win.
I do apologize.
I do understand.
I don't dance.
I don't sing.
I downloaded it.
I enjoy music.
I feel bad.
I feel better.
I feel blue.
I feel terrific.
I feel weak.
I finally understand.
I fixed it.
I found these.
I got married.
I got nervous.
I guarantee it.
He is a fishmonger.
I had fun.
I hate Boston.
I hate flying.
I hate Halloween.
I hate insects.
I hate lawyers.
I hate parties.
I hate spiders.
I hate that.
I hate them.
I hate this.
I hate weddings.
I have allergies.
I have amnesia.
I have cancer.
I have cash.
I have doubts.
I have everything.
I have eyes.
I have failed.
I have finished.
I have food.
I have homework.
I have immunity.
I have information.
I have insurance.
I have one.
I have orders.
I have plans.
I have proof.
I have questions.
I have responsibilities.
I have something.
I have time.
I have won.
I haven't eaten.
I haven't started.
I haven't tried.
I heard explosions.
I just finished.
I just showered.
I know people.
I know things.
I know this.
I like art.
I like beer.
I like girls.
I like pizza.
I like seafood.
I like stories.
I like surprises.
I like this.
I like women.
I like working.
I live alone.
I looked down.
I looked everywhere.
I lost interest.
I lost it.
I love Australia.
I love Boston.
I love reading.
I love sunsets.
I love weddings.
I made coffee.
I made cookies.
I made dinner.
I made spaghetti.
I made tea.
I met them.
I must apologize.
I must concentrate.
I must continue.
I must decline.
I must obey.
I must refuse.
I must rest.
I nearly died.
I need answers.
I need ice.
I need information.
I need inspiration.
I need more.
I need sleep.
I need sugar.
I need time.
I need water.
I needed help.
I never win.
I ordered pizza.
I overslept again.
I quite agree.
I ran away.
I ran home.
I read lips.
In the past, there was never this much snow.
We surrender.
I surrender.
Objection!
Is she dead?
Is he dead?
Silence!
"Objection! ""Overruled!"""
"Objection! ""Sustained!"""
I don't have the time for this.
I don't have the patience for this.
I don't know if I should tell him.
I need to know.
All women are beautiful.
What is your last name?
What is two times two?
Tatoeba needs more political sentences.
Has the jury reached a verdict?
Motion denied.
No objection.
There's no other choice.
He has gone too far.
Obesity is a national epidemic.
Science is fun.
I remember that.
I remembered it.
I saw someone.
I saw them.
I see something.
I sell computers.
I shouldn't drink.
I shouldn't worry.
I take vitamins.
I travel light.
I tried hard.
I visited Boston.
I want cash.
I want eggs.
I want justice.
I want mine.
I want proof.
I want time.
I was afraid.
I was angry.
I was awake.
I was away.
I was bored.
I was confused.
I was correct.
I was curious.
I was desperate.
I was distracted.
I was drunk.
I was frightened.
I was impressed.
I was injured.
I was joking.
I was late.
I was mad.
I was naked.
I was offended.
I was outdoors.
I was pleased.
I was scared.
I was skeptical.
I was sober.
I was surprised.
I was there.
I was unconscious.
I was upset.
I was upstairs.
I was working.
I wasn't afraid.
I wasn't home.
I wasn't hungry.
I wasn't invited.
I wasn't kidding.
I wasn't serious.
I wasn't sleeping.
I will continue.
I will fight.
I will go.
I will help.
I will listen.
I will obey.
I will shoot.
I will translate.
I will walk.
I won't come.
I won't forget.
I won't go.
I won't return.
I work hard.
I would've waited.
I wrote that.
I'd be careful.
I'll allow this.
I'll ask around.
I'll be alone.
I'll be brief.
I'll be going.
I'll be late.
I'll be nice.
I'll be present.
I'll be there.
I'll buy that.
I'll find someone.
I'll find something.
I'll find you.
I'll follow you.
I'll get these.
I'll go home.
I'll go look.
I'll go see.
I'll guide you.
I'll join you.
I'll know tomorrow.
I'll never forget.
I'll never learn.
I'll never stop.
I'll never tell.
I'll order food.
I'll pay later.
I'll pray hard.
I'll prove it.
I'll read it.
I'll risk that.
I'll send flowers.
I'll sleep here.
I'll stay here.
I'll take one.
I'll take responsibility.
I'll take those.
I'll tell someone.
I'll try again.
I'll try harder.
I'll try it.
I'll try that.
I'll wait outside.
I'll wash dishes.
I'll work alone.
I'm a client.
I'm a genius.
I'm a medic.
I'm already bored.
I'm an attorney.
I'm an orphan.
I'm being used.
I'm feeling good.
I'm in Boston.
I'm in danger.
I'm in love.
I'm just watching.
I'm leaving tomorrow.
I'm no rebel.
I'm not convinced.
I'm not dying.
I'm not fat.
I'm not home.
I'm not hurt.
I'm not jealous.
I'm not naive.
I'm not perfect.
I'm not racist.
I'm not sad.
I'm not sick.
I'm not sleeping.
I'm not thirsty.
I'm really cold.
I'm saying no.
I'm still married.
I'm still waiting.
I'm stuck here.
I'm supporting you.
I'm the last.
I'm very concerned.
I'm very relaxed.
I'm very sad.
I'm very serious.
I'm working here.
I'm your boss.
I'm your waiter.
I've been practicing.
I've got plans.
I've got responsibilities.
I've got something.
I've lost it.
I've missed you.
Is anyone there?
Is anything happening?
Is anything wrong?
Is it cancer?
Is it dangerous?
Is it enough?
Is it happening?
Is it nice?
Is it poisonous?
Is it time?
Is that coffee?
Is that enough?
Is that right?
Is today Monday?
Isn't that unusual?
Isn't that weird?
It happened today.
It looks fascinating.
It may break.
It seemed appropriate.
It was awful.
It was empty.
It was impressive.
It was inevitable.
It was interesting.
It was snowing.
It was unavoidable.
It was working.
It wasn't enough.
It wasn't mine.
It will work.
It'll never work.
It's a rule.
It's dark inside.
It's happened before.
It's not easy.
It's not negotiable.
It's not serious.
It's not stupid.
It's our fault.
It's pretty hot.
It's quite good.
It's really big.
It's really sad.
It's really simple.
It's so complicated.
It's so improbable.
It's so stupid.
It's their choice.
It's their fault.
It's too early.
It's too hard.
It's too soon.
It's very clean.
It's very close.
It's very complicated.
It's very embarrassing.
It's your money.
Leave my house.
Leave our house.
Look at it.
Make a decision.
Make a list.
No one disagreed.
No one left.
No one responded.
No one's home.
No one's looking.
Nobody got up.
Nobody here smokes.
Nobody likes rats.
Now let's celebrate.
Once isn't enough.
Open the doors.
Open the windows.
Open these doors.
Open your suitcase.
Please help us.
Please open it.
Someone was here.
Something has happened.
Stand in line.
Take a break.
Take a look.
Talk to somebody.
Thanks very much.
That doesn't happen.
That looks expensive.
That really hurts.
His name's Tom.
Give me a reason.
Give me my drink.
Have dinner with us.
Don't cross this bridge.
Don't do anything yet.
That sounds outrageous.
That sounds stupid.
That was interesting.
That was magic.
That was pathetic.
That was quick.
That was sweet.
That was unforgivable.
That was unnecessary.
That will help.
That's a crime.
That's a pity.
That's a risk.
That's certainly possible.
That's no secret.
That's not normal.
That's not why.
That's not yours.
That's old news.
That's our train.
That's pretty serious.
That's really funny.
That's so sad.
That's the reality.
That's too easy.
That's very generous.
That's very impressive.
That's very possible.
I want to play with the snow.
It's hearsay.
Do you want to trade our two sheep, one for another?
I have a twin brother.
I have a twin.
The baby's fine.
The dog barked.
The dog growled.
The door's locked.
The soldier ran.
The wind howled.
There are risks.
There aren't any.
There was music.
There were witnesses.
There's a condition.
There's a difference.
There's a table.
There's another reason.
There's no choice.
There's no coffee.
There's no elevator.
There's no gold.
There's no limit.
There's no proof.
There's no urgency.
There's nobody there.
There's nothing here.
These are fresh.
These are mine.
They want this.
We acted in good faith.
I only know a few words.
He was framed on a murder charge.
I don't have any free time today.
Do you like French wine?
This is intolerable.
Tonight we celebrate.
Trust in God.
Try it on.
Try to guess.
Use them all.
Wait a while.
Was it cold?
He made a gesture with his hand.
He's getting old.
I got over my cold quickly.
Get it out of the house.
I don't want to get my feet wet.
I got angry.
Thank you for the Christmas gift.
Our supplies are running out.
There's a river near my house.
Were you excited?
Were you sick?
What a country!
What a disappointment!
What a feast!
What a loss!
What a miracle!
What a night!
What a relief!
What a team!
What a thought!
What a woman!
What caused that?
What causes that?
What happened today?
What're you thinking?
When's your birthday?
Where is Boston?
Where's my bag?
Where's my brother?
Where's my husband?
Where's my lawyer?
Where's my lunch?
Where's my mother?
Where's my ring?
Where's my sister?
Where's my son?
Where's my suitcase?
Where's our money?
Where's the doctor?
Where's the hospital?
Where's the original?
Where's your boyfriend?
Where's your dad?
Where's your daughter?
Where's your father?
Where's your hat?
Where's your jacket?
Where's your mother?
Where's your sister?
Where's your weapon?
Which is better?
Who are we?
Who called you?
Who did this?
Who found him?
Who has it?
Who has time?
Can I have a pizza, please?
Who invented that?
Who likes beans?
Who lives here?
Who speaks French?
Who was here?
Who wrote that?
Wish me luck.
Write this down.
You can rest.
You have mail.
You have problems.
You know everyone.
You know her.
You know people.
You learn quickly.
You look different.
You must come.
You need friends.
You sound nervous.
You were jealous.
You were shy.
You weren't there.
You will listen.
You'd love it.
You'll all die.
You'll like it.
You'll lose everything.
You've already won.
You've found it.
You've got cancer.
You've lost weight.
Yours was better.
He has a good accent.
We left four days later.
We went on foot.
When was Queen Victoria born?
The Titanic sank in 1912.
You can eat as much as you want.
That's a lie.
The music stopped.
Tom loves you.
Tom will dance.
Tom will scream.
Do you like his songs?
Do you like these songs?
Do it right away.
Good morning.
He approached the door.
He chose them at random.
He dislikes me.
He does everything very quickly.
He gripped my hand.
He looked very tired.
He made friends with Tom.
He never loses his head.
He was the most famous writer of his day.
He's going blind.
His birthday falls on Sunday.
His French is improving little by little.
I caught an awful cold.
I did it according to your instructions.
I have a pebble in my shoe.
I want to learn that song.
I'll wait for you in here.
I'm going to sleep on it.
I'm not feeling very well.
It's too far to walk.
Let's go downtown.
Light the candle.
Read the article on page two.
She fell down the stairs.
She turned him down.
Tell me frankly.
That strong light blinds me.
The beer's very cold.
The lights went out.
The provisions ran out after a short time.
This bucket leaks.
This is not to his liking.
This would embarrass anyone.
We need an iron bar.
What an attractive woman!
You'll understand it later on.
Your criticism is unfair.
My family is very proud of me.
He was outraged.
She was devastated.
He kissed my hand.
I acted without thinking.
He acted without thinking.
This is so dumb.
Don't say another word.
Yes, I kissed him.
That's an order!
Is your wife tall?
What color are your wife's eyes?
The stakes were high.
What were you thinking?
This is a violation of the law.
Tom hasn't arrived yet.
She did not cry.
He did not cry at her funeral.
She started to cry.
He started to cry.
Your cat is overweight.
Your cat is fat.
She's not going.
Red alert!
Tom committed suicide.
Tom got married.
Tom said no.
Did Tom say that?
Did you love Tom?
Did you stop Tom?
Does Tom drink coffee?
Does Tom work here?
Tom imitated Mary.
I don't want to tell my girlfriend.
How old is Tom?
I barely knew Tom.
I can help Tom.
I don't understand Tom.
I just told Tom.
I think it's Tom.
I think that's Tom.
I won't tell Tom.
I work for Tom.
I've always trusted Tom.
Is Tom a Christian?
Is Tom at home?
It could be Tom.
Someone is watching Tom.
Tom hit me.
Tom is mad.
Tom is serious.
I love my country.
My French is terrible.
You understand German, right?
I will always be there for you.
She couldn't hold back her tears.
How did you meet her?
How did you meet him?
Get out of here!
She never gets invited to parties.
Who's that cute girl I saw you with at the mall?
Can rabbits swim?
Rabbits can swim.
She was horrified.
This isn't serious.
I broke his heart.
What did she look like?
What did he look like?
Are rabbits able to swim?
Aim higher.
How much is the admission?
Are you as tall as me?
Are you going to the concert tonight?
Call a policeman.
Come on, don't be a coward!
Control yourself!
I'm a zombie!
I'm not a fan of postmodernism.
I'm a fan of German opera.
He's an opera lover.
She's an opera fan.
You don't know what you're missing.
You're just like your mother.
Cyprus was a British protectorate.
Medical marijuana is legal in this state.
Do you know Mr. Jackson?
Do you understand French?
Don't talk to the driver.
Good evening!
He accepted reluctantly.
He acts like a tough guy.
He became furious.
He confessed his crime.
He gets angry if he's contradicted.
I'll never forget the soft and moist skin of my lover on that summer night.
Do a little gymnastics!
Give her a hug.
Give him a hug.
Elephants are majestic animals.
I do things in my own way.
I don't feel like working.
I don't know exactly.
I gave my word.
I have a good job.
I hurt my foot.
I like canned fruits.
I like French cooking.
I must go. It's getting dark.
I was very ill at ease with those people.
I'm at your service.
I'm spending Christmas Eve with my family.
I'm very cold.
I've had a headache since yesterday.
If you want to, we'll go.
Is tomorrow a holiday?
Is your name on the list?
It was a horrible scene.
Listen a minute.
Lock the door when you go out.
Pork has a lot of fat.
So far everything is all right.
So long.
That man was pestering me.
That water pipe leaks.
That's a very old saying.
That's idle talk.
The doctor examined the patient.
The house has all the conveniences.
The house is on the hill.
The sky's clear today.
The soup's very hot.
The stamp came off.
The trees were in a row.
There's no life without hardships.
These windows aren't clean.
This table is the same as that one.
Those colors go well together.
We do all kinds of repairs.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
It doesn't mean anything.
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy.
The sisters hate each other.
She does not listen.
She doesn't listen.
He does not listen.
He doesn't listen.
He doesn't listen to his parents.
She doesn't listen to her parents.
You need to lose weight.
I want to look like her.
I guess it's only a joke.
In times of war, the law falls silent.
We see each other every day.
We'll meet in the theater.
What a pretty girl!
What a pretty woman!
What are your duties?
When's dinner served?
Where can we park?
Where does this road lead?
Where's the exit?
Which do you usually drink, wine or beer?
Who is that guy?
Don't call the police.
Don't do it, Tom.
Don't forget to vote.
There were no survivors.
Don't hesitate to ask.
Don't light the candle.
Don't look at it.
Don't say that word.
Don't say too much.
Don't try to intimidate me.
Who took part in the contest?
Who's the composer of this symphony?
Why are you so hard-headed?
Why do you permit it?
Write the address clearly.
You'll find the letter under these papers.
Tom and Mary usually speak to each other in French.
Don't you speak French?
Hey, don't touch anything!
I didn't have time.
I didn't order it.
I don't care anymore.
I don't do anything.
I don't doubt that.
I don't fear them.
I don't hate myself.
I don't hate you.
I don't have kids.
I don't like it.
I don't like profanity.
I don't need anything.
I don't need them.
I don't speak French.
I don't trust myself.
I don't trust you.
I just don't understand.
I really don't care.
I still don't understand.
I won't be late.
I won't need you.
I won't tolerate that.
It didn't end well.
My phone doesn't work.
That doesn't concern you.
They didn't do anything.
They don't believe me.
This doesn't look good.
This won't be easy.
Tom didn't get caught.
Tom didn't hear anything.
Tom doesn't know that.
Tom doesn't understand me.
Tom won't give in.
Tom broke the rules.
Tom changed the subject.
Tom has been kidnapped.
Tom has to stay.
Tom is a blond.
Tom is a doctor.
Tom is a friend.
Tom is a genius.
Tom is a journalist.
Tom is a murderer.
Tom is a painter.
Tom is a pilot.
Tom is a player.
Tom is a poet.
Tom is a politician.
Tom is a psychologist.
Tom is a spy.
Tom is a teenager.
Tom is all right.
Tom is always here.
Tom is always working.
Tom is an alcoholic.
Tom is an architect.
Tom is an engineer.
Tom is an idiot.
Tom is an intern.
Tom is at school.
Tom is coming today.
Tom is conscious now.
Tom is drinking champagne.
Tom is extremely aggressive.
Tom is following us.
Tom is getting ready.
Tom is in Australia.
Tom is in Boston.
Tom is in college.
Tom is insanely jealous.
Tom is like that.
Tom is making breakfast.
Tom is Mary's father.
Tom is my boss.
Tom is my brother.
Tom is my cousin.
Tom is my dad.
Tom is my dentist.
Tom is my enemy.
Tom is my ex.
Tom is my neighbor.
Tom is our friend.
Tom is really good.
Tom is saying something.
Tom is slowing down.
Tom is still angry.
Tom is still inside.
Tom is still sleeping.
Tom is the murderer.
Tom is the strongest.
Tom is very efficient.
Tom is very stubborn.
Tom is very young.
Tom is your friend.
Tom is your uncle.
Tom sipped his coffee.
We're going to fight.
We will not surrender.
We really don't know.
We don't trust Tom.
We don't speak French.
We don't know anything.
We didn't plan this.
What did you watch?
What did you wear?
What don't I understand?
Who deleted the file?
You can't hide forever.
You don't know them.
You don't look Japanese.
You explained that well.
You won't be disappointed.
You won't believe it.
You won't believe this.
You won't die today.
You're going to die.
Adjust your tie.
Everything I said was true.
Don't do it for me.
Don't eat my french fries.
Don't let me die here.
Don't make fun of me.
Don't say that word again.
Don't tell Tom I'm here.
Don't think about it now.
Don't try to deny it.
Don't worry. I won't tell.
Don't you have anything else?
Don't you love me anymore?
I almost kissed him.
I almost kissed her.
He's never been in love before.
She's never been in love before.
I'm not a lesbian.
I want to make new friends.
The rules apply to everyone.
He doesn't love his girlfriend.
She doesn't love me.
He doesn't love me.
Do they live with you?
Do you want to dance?
I didn't ask for help.
I didn't fall in love.
I didn't get the job.
I didn't look at it.
I didn't look at Tom.
I didn't tell Tom anything.
I'm going to kill you for this!
I don't believe in magic.
I don't deserve to live.
I don't do that well.
I don't feel like laughing.
I don't feel like talking.
I don't feel so well.
I don't find that comforting.
I don't forget my friends.
I don't get out much.
I don't go out much.
I don't go to church.
I don't have a cellphone.
I don't have a gun.
I don't have a home.
I don't have a key.
I don't have a passport.
I don't have a system.
I don't have an alibi.
I don't have an appointment.
I don't have any evidence.
I don't have any kids.
I don't have those answers.
I don't have your wit.
I don't know anything yet.
I don't know my neighbors.
I don't like my job.
I don't like that name.
I don't like that sentence.
I don't like that woman.
I don't like those people.
I don't like to drive.
I don't like to fail.
I don't like to lose.
I don't make the rules.
I don't need a doctor.
I don't need an excuse.
I don't need them anymore.
I don't need your job.
I don't need your protection.
I don't normally do that.
I don't really understand why.
I don't see them anywhere.
I don't think that's necessary.
I don't think you're right.
I don't understand the question.
I don't want to share.
I don't wish to interfere.
I don't work for you.
I guess it won't matter.
I haven't seen Tom today.
I just don't like football.
This is Tom's photo album.
This tea is really sweet.
Tom is in big trouble.
Tom is in the garden.
Tom wants to learn French.
You don't need my approval.
She ignored me.
He ignored me.
What have I done wrong?
I won't say a word.
I won't tolerate any mistakes.
It doesn't belong to you.
It just doesn't seem possible.
Japan is weird.
Sake is a traditional Japanese alcoholic drink.
Money won't be a problem.
His cousin lives in America.
Tom didn't waste any time.
Identify yourselves!
They don't make you happy.
They don't know the rules.
They don't listen to me.
They don't need me anymore.
They don't work at night.
They just don't get it.
They won't find Tom there.
They won't take Tom back.
I'm short.
Tom didn't get a reply.
Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom doesn't love me anymore.
It's six degrees below zero.
A cab is waiting.
A car hit Tom.
A car went by.
A cop was killed.
A guard is outside.
A guard's been killed.
Are you still upset?
I didn't believe them.
I don't expect help.
I don't like waiting.
I have to fight.
I have to run.
I have to stop.
I have to think.
I miss you already.
I need a doctor.
It's just a coincidence.
Keep this window closed.
Mary is a widow.
Mary is my mother.
Mary is my niece.
That would be funny.
That's an excellent idea.
I don't want you to wake him up.
Tom understands what you don't.
We didn't find a weapon.
We don't have a cat.
We don't have a plan.
We don't have the money.
We don't know that yet.
We don't live in Boston.
Who doesn't like the beach?
Why didn't anyone tell me?
Why doesn't anybody help Tom?
You didn't answer my question.
She's my stepmother.
I'm here to listen.
I went home and cried.
She's attracted to Asian men.
He's attracted to Asian girls.
He's attracted to Asian women.
He loves me for who I am.
That's just my opinion.
I'm fine with it.
He's a transsexual.
Taxes are too high.
They sat in a circle.
My mom is overprotective.
I didn't mean to offend you.
He saw everything.
She saw everything.
Most of my friends are girls.
He looked surprised.
She looked surprised.
She took advantage of me.
She was my best friend.
He was my best friend.
We cannot do that.
I don't believe that anymore.
I saw Tom with Mary.
Where do you use French?
You didn't get very far.
You didn't have to ask.
You didn't have to lie.
You didn't say that before.
You don't have the nerve.
You don't have to answer.
You don't have to go.
You don't have to respond.
You don't have to speak.
You don't have to talk.
You don't know my brother.
You don't need my help.
You don't seem too surprised.
You don't seem very pleased.
You don't sound very optimistic.
You don't sound very surprised.
Hold still.
I'm sure.
I'm Tom.
It worked.
It'll happen.
It'll work.
It's perfect.
It's serious.
It's unlikely.
That's avoidable.
Don't you remember anything?
I didn't expect you.
I didn't graduate.
I don't remember it.
They probably don't know.
You don't seem convinced.
I drink.
Will he ever forgive me?
Will she ever forgive me?
I don't like to run.
Don't talk about my family.
Don't touch anything without asking.
Don't worry about the cost.
Why don't you shut the fuck up?
The tie is very beautiful.
Every action has its consequence.
You have friends who can help you, don't you?
You were hungry, weren't you?
Don't risk your life for me.
Don't say a word to me.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Don't talk to me about religion.
Don't tell me to calm down.
Don't tell me to shut up.
Don't tell me you're tired already.
Don't tell Tom you're a cop.
Don't treat me like I'm stupid.
Don't try to be a hero.
Don't worry. I'll be right back.
He looked through the microscope.
I didn't know Tom was married.
I didn't know I was adopted.
I didn't know you worked here.
I didn't see any tigers.
That's the problem we have to solve.
I accept your apology.
I accept your terms.
I admire your bravery.
I admire your determination.
I almost forgot my passport.
I already did that twice today.
I already know that.
I already said that.
I already took the pies out of the oven.
I always wondered what was in your attic.
I apologize for what's happened here.
I apologize if I offended you.
I appreciate the gesture.
I asked him his name.
I asked myself that same question.
I asked Tom what he wanted for Christmas.
I asked what was wrong.
We kept our word.
He kept his word.
They did not keep their word.
He apologized profusely.
This car has no air conditioning.
I like to play with words.
Would you like to have a new body?
She shaved her head.
I'm not going to school today.
I assume that's a joke.
He was lucky.
Tom was lucky that he didn't get killed.
Tom speaks three languages.
I love tea.
It's my umbrella.
This is my umbrella.
Tell me something that I don't know.
I believe in miracles.
I believe his name is Tom.
I think his name is Tom.
I believe you can help us.
I bet you know French.
I bet you know this.
I bet you're hungry.
He talks a lot.
This is ours.
They are jealous of us.
Goodbye, cruel world.
What did his wife say?
He's writing a book.
She's writing a book.
I'm writing a book.
I saw him there.
She's talking to herself.
Do you mind if I take my shirt off?
He died of pneumonia.
She's driving me crazy.
She sells sea shells.
She came home crying.
She wants children.
Should I ask him out?
Do you like this?
He's not here.
I'm not here.
He abandoned me.
I bought a house.
I brought you some coffee.
I don't understand this sentence.
I called and pretended I was Tom.
I know that he reads.
I know that he's reading.
I came here to save you.
I came to see Tom.
I can afford it.
The portions are huge at this restaurant.
There's no speed limit.
The sun is a star.
I can come back another time.
I can come if you want.
I can do that in less than ten minutes.
I can explain that.
I can give you some useful information.
The cat caught a mouse.
I can hear the wind in the trees.
I can recommend a good lawyer.
I can still hear you.
I'm not a criminal.
He's not a criminal.
It's just the tip of the iceberg.
I can't answer that yet.
I can't believe it's Christmas already.
I can't find my wallet.
He was absent because of the storm.
He was re-elected mayor.
Do you speak Russian?
Aluminium is a metal.
I come from Holland.
Is it still far?
I want to live here.
It was beginner's luck.
I want a kitchen like this.
Normally, we eat three times a day.
He was nowhere to be seen.
She was nowhere to be seen.
It's a drop in the bucket.
She wakes up at six every morning.
Is this a compliment?
Is it a compliment or an insult?
She's older than you think.
He's older than you think.
I was almost right.
I felt guilty.
I felt guilty about it.
She still plays with dolls.
The new Pope is not a woman and that's not a surprise.
I like her personality.
I like your personality.
I don't find her particularly attractive.
Thunderstorms are both scary and exciting.
It's sad, but true.
It was just a hookup.
He flirts with other girls on Facebook.
They're both in love with the same girl.
I hate her now.
Are you blind?
He's not interested in a relationship.
What do I have to lose?
That's not the point.
She spends all of her money on clothes.
I love trying new things.
He loves trying new things.
This is not a hospital.
I caught a fish!
I chose not to leave.
I could go to jail.
I could've married Tom.
I couldn't hear Tom.
I couldn't see Tom's face.
I think he hates me.
I think she hates me.
That's not a bad thing.
Can you close the door?
We became good friends.
We drank some wine.
What's your favorite lipstick color?
She loves flowers.
Dear brothers and sisters!
She thought it was stupid.
He thought I was stupid.
I thought he was stupid.
That's what he said.
I wanted to know what happened.
It's a type of body piercing.
She got her navel pierced.
I'm in bed.
The future was better before.
I don't hate her.
I don't hate him.
She's very shy.
I'm very shy.
It's easy for him to make friends.
It's easy for her to make friends.
You have to be prepared for anything.
I admitted that he was right.
I admitted that she was right.
I'm not like you!
Sorry, I made a mistake.
Where is the restaurant?
I demand an explanation.
He prefers tea to coffee.
If you want peace, prepare for war.
She talks quickly.
I did everything right.
I didn't know you were so tired.
I didn't leave the door open.
I do know that.
I do some work for Tom from time to time.
I do that sometimes.
I do think it's possible.
French isn't an easy language.
I look after my grandfather.
This isn't a hospital.
Tom is in the kitchen.
I don't care what happens to me.
I don't disagree with your decision.
I don't even know if Tom is still alive.
I don't expect you to forgive me.
I don't feel much like eating.
I don't feel much like talking.
I don't go out much anymore.
I don't have a lot of options.
I don't have all the details yet.
I don't have any rooms for rent.
I don't have that much time left.
I don't have time to explain it now.
I don't know how to do that.
I don't know where Tom is.
I don't like doctors.
I don't like your smile.
I don't recall saying that.
I don't take orders from you.
I don't understand that question.
I don't understand this at all.
I don't understand women.
I don't usually eat at places like this.
I don't work well under pressure.
He is from our village.
I don't have to listen to this.
I don't have to say a word.
I don't know how long it'll take.
I don't know how to help Tom.
She's anorexic.
I don't know if that's a good idea.
I don't know if Tom still lives in Boston.
I like music.
I can smell cookies.
I don't know much about that.
I don't know that much about you.
I don't know the name of that temple.
I don't know what else I can say.
I don't know what to do or what to say.
I don't know what to say to Tom.
I don't know what your problem is.
I don't know when I'll be back.
I don't know where my keys are.
I don't know where the bus stop is.
I always have room for dessert.
It is pretty cold.
He's better looking than me.
He promised it would never happen again.
Is this water okay to drink?
Don't scream, or I'll scream louder.
The film was much better than expected.
She has platinum blonde hair.
I lost your number.
She doesn't wear makeup.
She has an older brother.
What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt?
He's wearing a kilt.
Nothing's perfect.
Nothing is perfect.
He's a poor student.
She's a poor student.
He was seduced by Mary.
The thermostat is defective.
He lacks tact.
My friend says that she's suicidal.
She's the official spokesperson for Tatoeba.
Why are you looking at me like that?
They can not continue without Tom.
I don't know who you're talking about.
I don't like people looking at me.
I don't like what you did to Tom.
I don't need a suitcase that big.
I don't need to talk about it.
I go to school on Saturday.
The universe is full of mysteries.
I don't really care what you think.
I don't see your name on it.
I don't think my life is very interesting.
I don't think we need permission to do this.
I don't want to drive.
She has long braids.
This dog is shaggy.
I drink to relax.
I drive a black car.
I drive a convertible.
I enjoy chess.
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.
I even wrote a letter to Tom.
I expected a little privacy.
I fail to see what's so amusing.
I failed the driving test.
I failed the written test.
I feel a little responsible.
I feel a lot better today.
I feel bad enough already.
I feel better already.
I feel like I haven't slept for days.
I feel really bad.
I feel safe here.
I feel so bad.
I feel so much better.
I fell asleep listening to music.
I fell in the pool.
I finally gave up.
I finally have everything I need.
I followed the recipe.
I forgot my key.
I forgot what I was going to say.
I wanted to marry him.
She wanted to have a family with him.
The French croissant is a crescent-shaped pastry.
She died childless.
The hunter wore camouflage clothing.
The drug smuggler was arrested at the airport.
I found an apartment.
I found something I thought I'd lost.
I found Tom's diary.
He joined the infantry.
She will give birth soon.
She's a midwife.
Her skin was almost translucent.
He was staring at her cleavage.
The explorers ventured inside the caverns.
The road is in a deplorable state.
She married a successful dermatologist.
He lost his favorite sweatshirt.
I want a scooter.
No translation is impossible.
I'm still at school.
I got something in my eye.
I guess I was mistaken.
She had no money.
I had a dog when I was a kid.
I had a good teacher.
I had a good time, too.
I had a headache.
I had a premonition.
I had a similar experience.
I had a stroke.
I had a very good time.
I had everything under control.
I had fun here.
I had no one to talk to.
I had nothing to hide.
I had some calls to make.
I had to shoot my horse because he was in a lot of pain.
I had to work.
I killed the rat with a stick.
The milk is in the fridge.
There is some milk in the fridge.
I'm going to learn German.
Do you understand what's going on?
That's what I love about her.
I hate that movie.
I hate the color of these walls.
I hate this car.
I hate this game.
I hate this music.
I hate this store.
I hate this town.
I hate to be a nuisance.
I hate to interrupt, but I need to say something.
I hate to see you like this.
I hate to waste my time.
I hate when that happens.
I hate your guts.
I hated history class.
This pond has a lot of carp.
These monks live inside the monastery.
She's a pacifist.
I have no idea what this means.
You need to wear thick socks to keep your feet warm.
I fell asleep on the couch.
They eat meat.
No Entry!
She heard gunshots every night.
She has a healthy lifestyle.
The czar was the ruler of Russia.
Happy birthday, Tom!
She's a soloist.
Alcoholism is incurable.
She was accused of being a heretic.
My grandfather suffers from hypertension.
Sushi is delicious.
I spent a week in hospital.
Tom is an only child.
Are you interested in the job?
He's a bit older than me.
He's very smart.
I stopped laughing.
She stopped laughing.
They stopped laughing.
She's a real friend.
He died in prison.
They ate marshmallows.
We ate together.
She brushed my hair.
She refused to help me.
I just want to disappear.
I wanted to disappear.
He was looking at you.
She was looking at you.
He was looking at her.
She was looking at him.
The building is surrounded by a barbed wire fence.
She has hazel eyes.
She borrowed mine.
You're going to pay for this.
That dictionary is mine.
He drinks beer.
I was sleepy.
He also speaks a little Greek.
My right leg hurts.
I do not like ice cream.
I'm not invited to parties.
I want to cry!
Is your mum at home?
She identified him immediately.
"How do you feel? ""No complaints."""
No one can foretell the future.
She tried to console him.
He tried to comfort her.
I started to cry too.
She was sobbing.
She burst out crying.
She sobbed heavily.
This is my computer.
The sky was grey.
The sky was red.
I'm a patient.
She is very angry with me.
We are what we think.
He had a dog.
John does not want to answer the question.
April Fool's!
Tom goes to school by foot.
It rained continuously for three days.
This is not acceptable.
That is a lie.
This is my doll.
She's going through a midlife crisis.
I'm hungry. How about you?
I hate it when hair clogs the drain.
I also love to cook.
You and I will survive.
We must hide!
We had a lot of fun together.
What's the secret ingredient?
I'm very short.
The students are lazy.
Did you turn the stove off?
I live in Riberão Preto.
He is afraid of the dogs.
I don't think I'll ever get used to this.
I have a brother.
I have a client waiting in the waiting room.
I have a debt to pay.
I have a gift for you.
I have a good feeling about this.
I have a gun.
I have a job to do.
I have a message.
I have a minute.
I have a plan.
I have a proposition for you.
I have a request.
I have a sister and a brother.
I have a small gift for you.
I've already read that novel.
I've already spoken to Tom.
I've always been interested in science.
I've always wanted a daughter.
I've always wanted to try it.
I've been drinking too much coffee.
I've been expecting you.
I've been living here for three years.
I've been on the phone all afternoon.
I have bills to pay.
I have children.
I haven't downloaded the files yet.
I haven't forgotten you.
I have good news.
I've got a lot of good ideas.
I've got everything I want.
I've got good news.
I've got half an hour.
I've got my reasons.
I've got nothing to hide.
I've got plenty of friends.
I've got plenty of money.
I haven't had dinner.
I've had the same problem.
I've learned from the best.
I have lots of ideas.
I have many talents.
I've never been very good at French.
I've never done that before.
I've never felt better in my life.
I've never had this problem before.
I've never heard this song before.
I've never seen a rainbow.
I've never seen anything so beautiful.
I've never seen you so nervous.
I've never taught anyone anything.
I have no explanation.
I have no idea where I am.
I have no privacy.
I have no real choice.
I've read that book.
I haven't said yes yet.
I haven't seen a doctor.
I haven't seen Tom.
I have some questions for Tom.
I have some reading to do.
I have some things to take care of.
I have some very bad news.
I have something that might interest you.
I've spent most of my life in Boston.
I've studied French.
I have the key.
I have the keys.
I have things to do.
I have three computers.
I have three sisters.
I have to admit I'm curious.
I have to admit it's very tempting.
I have to call Tom.
I have to explain this to Tom.
I have to go back to work.
I have to go talk to Tom.
I have to go to the hospital.
I have to know why.
I have to know.
I have to make another call.
I have to make some calls.
I have to say no.
I have to say that I'm sorry.
I have to work now.
I've told you not to call me Tom.
I have work for Tom.
I heard the good news.
I heard Tom scream.
I heard what happened.
I hid behind a tree.
I hope it's true.
I hope that helps.
I hope Tom is right.
I hope Tom's all right.
I hope you brought coffee.
I hope you know that.
I don't have the faintest idea.
I don't believe in group therapy.
I don't feel like answering questions.
I don't know what to sing.
I don't know where they're from.
I don't know who they are.
I don't want to be chosen.
I don't want to help you.
I have a plan. Don't worry.
I know you don't love me.
I need to know where you are.
I ought to punch you for saying that.
I really don't feel like talking.
I should've called a doctor.
I still don't know the rules.
I think I see the problem.
I want to take a break.
I won't make the same mistake again.
I'd better wake Tom up.
I'm not scared of Tom.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
I've got nothing more to say.
I've got something better.
I've got something to do.
I've got to do something first.
I've got to get going.
I've never tried.
A dog bite is more serious than a mosquito bite.
It's the bite of a spider.
I don't know what it's for.
I just changed my password.
I just didn't know what to do.
I just didn't know what to say.
I just don't know what to do.
I just gave Tom 30 dollars.
I just have a couple of questions.
I just have a few questions.
Where's the nearest bank?
That's even better.
I am a girl.
The pan sizzles.
I love you!
He who sleeps does not sin.
I was not jealous.
How are things at school?
He looked at me suspiciously.
I'll always remember you.
They fell in love with the same girl.
The giraffe cannot swim because its centre of gravity is so high that it would topple over.
This imbecile has sharp teeth.
I lost my glasses.
You're a funny young lady.
Could you add me?
You're a great teacher!
I just heard something.
I just ignore Tom.
I just need to rest a little.
I just signed the contract.
I knew that was Tom.
I knew Tom personally.
I knew too much.
I knew what Tom meant.
I knew you'd be here.
I know a man who can help.
I know about this already.
I know all I need to know.
I know everything now.
I know French.
I know how difficult this is for you.
I know how hard this is.
I know how to count to 100.
I know how Tom thinks.
I know I can count on you all.
I know it's hard to believe.
I know it's impossible.
I know it's none of my business.
I know lots of songs.
I know my job.
I know sign language.
I know that's not true.
I know Tom better than you.
I know Tom isn't guilty.
I know Tom lied.
I know Tom likes to travel.
I know Tom understands.
I know Tom very well.
I know Tom was busy.
I know Tom's widow.
I know what happened here.
I know what happened.
I know what I did.
I know what I need to do.
I know what they are.
I know what they're going to do.
I know what to say.
I know what to study.
I know what Tom said.
I know where they are.
I know where Tom works.
I know where we are.
I know you have an essay to write.
I know you have it.
I know you have to go back to Boston.
I know you know this.
I know you like coffee.
I know you love me.
I know you think I'm stupid.
I know you're not lying.
I learned a lot.
I learned it in school.
I leave that to you.
I left a message.
I left my umbrella here last night.
I left the window open.
I left Tom a message this morning.
I like it that way.
I like it when it's cold.
I like it when it's hot.
I like living with Tom.
I like my job.
I like my life right now.
I like my life.
I like my teachers.
I like that answer.
I like that skirt.
I like that song.
I like the beach.
I like things done properly.
I like this book.
I like this job.
I like this neighborhood.
I like this song.
I like to be early.
I like to be here.
I like to laugh.
I like wearing old clothes.
I like where I live.
I like your style.
I live a simple life.
I live across the street.
I live here now.
I live here with my dog.
I live in a hotel.
I live in Boston.
Why is the dog here?
I lost my favorite pen.
I lost the bet.
I love Christmas.
I love doing this.
I love it here.
I love my new job.
I love my work.
I love watching you cook.
I love what I do.
I love you all.
I love you more than ever.
I loved that car.
If you mix blue and red, you'll get purple.
I made a couple calls.
I made a fool of myself.
I made a lot of mistakes.
I caused this.
I made Tom laugh.
I made you coffee.
I make a good living.
I make the rules.
I know his brother well.
I'd like to ask you a favor.
I married a Canadian.
I may know someone who can help you.
I may not get another chance.
I may not have time.
I meet people like you every day.
I met Tom the other day.
I miss Boston.
I missed my flight.
I must make a call.
I need 30 minutes.
I need a cab.
I need a car.
I need a good lawyer.
I need a holiday.
I need a hug.
I need a plan.
I need a raise.
I need a towel.
I need an ambulance.
I need lots of time.
I need more room.
I need that information as soon as possible.
I need this job.
I need to do something.
I need to get some air.
I need to get to bed.
I need to know who you are.
I need to see Tom now.
I never believed it.
I never forgot you.
I never oversleep.
I never said I was an artist.
I never said you were boring.
I never should've trusted Tom.
I never thought about it.
I never told Tom.
I never trusted Tom.
I never wanted that.
I no longer believe it.
I no longer live here.
I no longer study French.
I noticed you weren't at home last night.
I only read the first three chapters.
I opened the door.
I opened the window.
I ordered a pizza.
I overheard your conversation.
I owe a lot of money.
I owe you a lunch.
I owe you so much.
She crossed the street.
I paid in advance.
I plan on being early.
I prefer to remain seated.
I probably should have said something.
I promise not to sing.
I promise this will never happen again.
I question your sincerity.
I read a lot of novels.
I realized I couldn't win.
I realized I wasn't ready.
Why do you want Esperanto to become a lingua franca while you continue to communicate in English?
I really hate this.
I really have to get going.
I really have to go.
I really miss Tom.
I really need a drink.
I really need it.
I really need to go.
I really need to take a shower.
I really think we should talk.
We went to an Italian pizzeria.
I received your message yesterday.
I received your message.
I recognized his face.
I recognized the name.
I reconsidered your offer.
I recorded our conversation.
I refuse to answer that.
I remember it now.
I remember reading about it.
I remember that speech.
I know that I know nothing.
See you in two weeks.
Buy a book and read it.
Concentrate, Tom.
Do you think I don't care?
Don't eat without me.
Don't thank me. Thank Tom.
Don't think I don't appreciate what you've done.
Don't worry about that now.
I don't know what that word means.
I don't want to stay.
I saw my reflection in the window.
I want to learn how to speak French.
I want to see your house.
I wish we'd met earlier.
I'm sure Tom was involved.
I'm the oldest.
I've always been here.
I've been thinking about it, too.
I've heard this story before.
I've never had a traffic accident.
I've packed my suitcases already.
Is the meeting today or tomorrow?
It matters.
It's ridiculous.
Let's pretend we didn't hear that.
May I ask you a personal question?
May I ask you another question?
Oh, don't be like that.
Oh, don't be so modest.
The sea is blue.
I like to sleep on my stomach.
He's a total moron.
You had a cat.
I have a cat.
Mary doesn't like me.
That's kind of important.
That's not my style.
Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Tom doesn't know where he is.
Tom doesn't like this at all.
Tom is crying, too.
Tom is fighting, isn't he?
Tom is not my son.
Tom lives and works in Boston.
Tom slept in this morning.
We don't know our neighbors.
I have three younger sisters.
I'm speaking to you as a friend.
We're here, too.
What're you looking for?
When did you go to work?
Why are you studying French?
Why didn't you call the police?
Why don't you believe me?
You don't need a list.
You speak French, don't you?
You speak French, right?
You understand French, right?
You're not married, are you?
You're Tom's wife, aren't you?
You're very religious, aren't you?
Do you like Indonesian food?
My father manages the store.
He was wearing glasses.
I require your assistance.
I rubbed my feet.
I said good morning.
I said I'll get it.
I said I'm fine.
I said no.
I saw a mouse!
I saw it coming.
I saw it, too.
I saw one yesterday.
I scored a goal.
I should call a doctor.
I should call the police and have you arrested.
I should never have become a teacher.
I should talk to Tom.
I should've told Tom.
I solved the puzzle.
I speak a little French.
I speak French and English.
I speak French every day.
I speak French with Tom and Mary.
I speak French, too.
I spoke with Tom today.
I stayed at home.
I still haven't found my keys.
I still like Tom.
I stopped asking questions.
I suppose we have no choice.
I talked to Tom about what happened.
I think about Tom all day.
I think I did the right thing.
I think I know that guy.
I think I know where Tom is.
I think I know who did it.
I think I love you.
I think I'd rather not know.
I think I'll take this one.
I think I've broken my arm.
I think it's fine.
I think it's going to be fun.
I think it's Tom's motorcycle.
I think my leg is broken.
I think that I should leave.
I think that's what Tom wants.
I think that's why Tom is here.
I think there's been a mistake.
I think they like me.
I think they're students.
I think this is important.
I think this will work.
I think Tom already knows.
I think Tom and Mary are right.
I think Tom came here to tell us something important.
I think Tom can help.
I think Tom did that.
I think Tom has made a mistake.
I think Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think Tom is a nice name.
I think Tom is a student.
I think Tom is afraid of you.
I think Tom is asleep.
I think Tom is awake.
I think Tom is cheating.
I think Tom is dangerous.
I think Tom is getting ready.
I think Tom is here already.
I think Tom is looking at us.
I think Tom is looking for us.
I think Tom is sick.
I think Tom is sleeping.
I think Tom killed Mary.
I think Tom knows what he's doing.
I think Tom liked it.
I think Tom looks like John.
I think Tom needs a vacation.
I think Tom needs me.
I think Tom said that.
I think Tom used to date Mary.
I think Tom wants more.
I think Tom wants something to write on.
I think Tom went to Harvard.
I think Tom will listen to me.
I think Tom would disagree.
I think Tom would have liked that.
I think we have to make a decision.
I think we have to risk it.
I think we need more water.
I think we need to postpone the meeting.
I think we should call the police.
I think we should go now.
I think we should talk about this now.
I think we'll be OK.
I think we're going to be OK.
I think you did the right thing.
I think you have a problem, Tom.
I think you know everyone here.
I think you should go.
I think you should leave now.
I think you should listen to me.
I think you're in danger.
All that belongs to the past now.
His logic is in no way defendable.
Don't make mistakes!
I told you I hated that shirt.
I like cats very much.
I saw Tom a few minutes ago.
I taught Tom French three years ago.
I think I know what Tom is doing here.
They will be arriving by train at eleven.
His logic is in no way defensible.
I regret what I said.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.
Where do I sleep?
I have two cats.
The chairs are under the tree.
The apple is on the table.
The house is small.
Tom and Mary eat lunch together every day.
Tom and Mary often eat dinner together.
Tom learned how to swim two years ago.
Tom likes to play soccer.
I'm not good at pretending.
What if she says no?
This is rather expensive.
They are older than Tom.
I want to go out with him.
I'm not a coward.
Just between us, she's my girlfriend.
I love languages.
I love studying languages.
I don't like this song.
Facebook is boring.
What color is Tom's dog?
The programming language Java is highly versatile.
I take a taxi to the train station.
I drank some wine.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't the captain of the wrestling team.
He can speak French.
The water is not drinkable.
She is schizophrenic.
He went to Austria to study music.
Miami is the largest city in Florida.
The glass is empty.
I see a white lion.
I'm from Milan.
Society is changing.
That made me change my mind.
French is a very interesting language.
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
I studied French when I was in high school.
I speak French every day at work.
I need a good dictionary.
He has left the city.
Did you have breakfast?
I am busy.
I am Julius.
I live in New York.
Speak slowly!
This is the first time I've seen him smile.
Tom doesn't smile very often.
We watched Ukrainian movies with subtitles in Esperanto.
Tom watched a Japanese movie subtitled in French.
This is Ms. Müller.
I love gardening.
What did he want?
What did she want?
I would never lie to you.
My wife lied to me.
My daughter lied to me.
Tom lied to me.
Tom often lies to Mary.
If you come to Rio, don't forget to call me to be your guide!
I'm ugly.
I love to learn new things.
Go inside.
Thanks for the updates.
The airport is closed, but nobody knows why.
She is a singer.
The woman is young.
Lazybones.
They can't continue without Tom.
Wake up, Tom.
Go and wake Tom up.
Wake Tom up.
Go wake Tom up.
I'm not the manager.
I was born in the U.S.S.R.
We learned to fly like birds and swim like fishes, but we forgot how to live like humans.
The woman drinks the water.
He doesn't sleep.
The girl goes to school.
He doesn't run.
He went into rehab.
She had a work contract.
That apple is big.
She doesn't speak my language.
Tom hates school.
Many of my friends can speak French.
Tom speaks French much better than Mary does.
That thou art.
The film is boring.
It's my turn now.
I have to see this movie.
School is finally over.
The week is finally over.
I don't do it for money.
I regret nothing.
I can't leave you behind!
Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you.
Let's go back to the motel.
I recognized him right away.
I hope it's not true.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
I opened one eye.
I told him to stop.
He likes you!
She likes you!
I think she's had a few Botox injections.
I like learning ancient languages.
She lies to me all the time.
He kissed me on the cheek.
He has very strong arms.
He's a friend of a friend.
What other choice did I have?
It's not the first time.
Popularity has nothing to do with it.
I corrected myself.
It's not my native language.
I can't imagine my life without you.
Thanks for the pizza.
I never liked him.
I've never liked her.
He knows what he wants.
She knows what she wants.
That's not what I said.
Tom seldom puts sugar in his coffee.
I can't imagine my life without him.
Tom corrected himself.
Tom is a man.
Mary is a woman.
I begged him to stop using drugs.
Can Tom come tomorrow?
The thermometer reads 10 degrees.
Don't dare to talk to my girlfriend.
I don't set myself unrealistic goals.
I set myself realistic goals.
There are many people who think that it’s impossible not to mix up languages.
I'm eating an apple.
Did Marika like her trip to Japan?
Tom wrote Mary a letter.
Does Tom speak French?
Can Tom speak French?
She plays the flute.
He plays the guitar.
The children are playing marbles.
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.
Have you ever been to Boston?
You alone can help me.
I'd like you to translate this document into French.
I'd like to study French, but I don't have the time.
I often make mistakes when speaking in French.
Do you have any similar expressions in French?
Tom translated the letter into French for me.
Tom's novel has been translated into French.
Tom started studying French three years ago.
I'd like to improve my French pronunciation.
Tom was reading a letter written in French.
Have you finished your French homework yet?
Will you help me with my French homework?
I'm going to study French this afternoon.
I study French for three hours every day.
Tom translated the contract into French.
Is French a difficult language to learn?
I received a letter in French last week.
I don't feel like studying French today.
I think your French has improved a lot.
Tom's book was translated into French.
Is French more difficult than English?
I study French after dinner every day.
I know someone who speaks French well.
Have you ever spoken to Tom in French?
I still don't speak French very well.
I need a lawyer who can speak French.
Where did you learn to speak French?
Have you ever read a book in French?
Who taught Tom how to speak French?
What books have you read in French?
Tom teaches me French twice a week.
Tom speaks French better than Mary.
Tom gave Mary a French dictionary.
The article was written in French.
Please translate this into French.
Is French pronunciation difficult?
Tom told me that he spoke French.
Do you have any French magazines?
You know some French, don't you?
Tom wanted Mary to learn French.
Speaking French is a lot of fun.
Is it difficult to learn French?
"How do you say ""love"" in French?"
French isn't my native language.
French is pretty hard, isn't it?
Do you have a French dictionary?
Tom's French is almost perfect.
Tom teaches French to children.
This book is written in French.
Does Tom speak French fluently?
Does someone here speak French?
Did you study French yesterday?
Tom has a lot of French books.
Tom came here to study French.
Is French harder than English?
I want to be fluent in French.
Tom teaches French in Boston.
Tom can speak French as well.
My native language is French.
I've started learning French.
I'm writing a song in French.
I don't want to study French.
Do your parents speak French?
Can anyone here speak French?
Tom speaks French very well.
Tom speaks French perfectly.
Tom is also studying French.
Tom always speaks in French.
I prefer to write in French.
You speak French very well.
Tom speaks French a little.
Tom speaks a little French.
Is it hard to learn French?
I wrote a letter in French.
Why should I learn French?
Who's your French teacher?
We learn French at school.
My French isn't very good.
I like speaking in French.
I have a few French books.
I don't understand French.
I don't speak French well.
Your French is improving.
We study French together.
Tom always speaks French.
I'd like to study French.
I study French at school.
I have some French books.
Do you still hate French?
Do you speak French well?
Are they speaking French?
Tom's French is perfect.
Tom is a French teacher.
Please answer in French.
I'm learning French now.
I speak French a little.
Can't they speak French?
Can you teach me French?
Can you count in French?
Are you studying French?
Your French is perfect.
Tom understands French.
Tom spoke French to me.
Tom speaks good French.
Tom speaks French well.
Tom can't speak French.
Please teach me French.
I want to speak French.
I study French at home.
I like to study French.
I like studying French.
I know a little French.
I have to study French.
I already speak French.
Do you write in French?
Do you think in French?
Do you dream in French?
Can't you speak French?
All of us speak French.
Who taught you French?
We're studying French.
We're learning French.
Tom teaches me French.
Tom is good at French.
Let's speak in French.
Tom can speak French.
I'm a French teacher.
Your French is good.
We all speak French.
I'm studying French.
I'm learning French.
I must learn French.
I don't like French.
Do you study French?
Can you read French?
Tom teaches French.
Tom studies French.
Let's study French.
Let's speak French.
Do you like French?
Do you know French?
Tom speaks French.
This isn't French.
I dream in French.
Tom spoke French.
We study French.
I teach French.
I speak French.
I love French.
I like French.
I hate French.
I can't answer this question.
That kind of story appeals to me.
Tom avoided Mary.
We want to rent an apartment in the city.
Where do you keep your gardening tools?
That meeting was a waste of time.
Sarcasm?
I want to speak to a lawyer.
We rarely go out.
She wears long skirts.
Tom and John are brothers.
Mary and Alice are sisters.
There's a lot of work to do.
I deleted my Facebook account.
It's very dangerous.
Fishing is not allowed here.
Fishing is prohibited here.
Is there anything else you want to know?
It's a waste of time to study when you're sleepy.
We need some more firewood.
My computer stopped working a few days ago.
I can only speak English.
I study many languages.
I think you should go now.
I think you're underestimating Tom.
I love flowers.
When is Tom's birthday?
He isn't married.
He's not married.
He is not married.
I'd like to open a bank account.
I'm not an expert.
This song makes me want to cry.
I listen to this song when I'm sad.
She has oily skin.
She's easily influenced.
Are you vegetarian?
It's just a rumor.
Are you still angry with me?
There is no rush.
Less is more.
She calls me often.
Tom is a handsome guy.
Leave your message after the beep.
She has more books than she can read.
I like to study languages.
I went to bed very late.
She's different.
Aluminum is a metal.
I woke up early this morning.
I saw it on TV.
It sounds impossible, but it's true.
Now is not the time.
She's a lucky girl.
She works as an au pair.
There are still judges in Berlin!
This toilet paper feels like sandpaper.
She fell asleep on the bus.
I felt sorry for him.
I felt sorry for her.
I am faced with a mountain of problems.
I must do something.
Do you know this man's name?
They talked all night.
Have you paid the rent?
Quito is the capital of Ecuador.
The building is blue.
He tried to seduce me.
Can I have one?
She paid nothing.
I paid nothing.
She's not fat.
She broke both her arms.
This is not my book.
Stop making fun of me!
He didn't buy it.
Did Tom kiss Mary?
My neck hurts.
Tom was tired.
She saw a very tall man yesterday.
Ideas do not belong to anyone, they float in the air.
She's interested in fashion.
I was so disappointed.
I almost did it.
I saw your father.
I love Canadian public radio.
I don't know the truth.
It is impossible to express it in words.
The butterfly flutters.
The bag is full.
He knew too much.
I know her secret.
I'm not very athletic.
I had nothing else to do.
What if I get caught?
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
How much does it cost him?
The work is almost finished.
I bought a new pair of glasses.
She's beautiful and intelligent.
Is it OK if I kiss you?
May I kiss you?
Tom has two cats. One is white and the other is black.
He doesn't live with his parents.
What did you do today?
The window opened.
Three of my children died.
This is the best day of my life.
My hair is wet.
Can I call you back?
He just wants my attention.
I saw the pictures.
She has a blog.
Where is he now?
Where is she now?
She crossed her legs.
I love cooking.
Help me to understand.
Children understand everything.
Do you live in this neighborhood?
Do you live near here?
Do you live around here?
Tom likes to make paper airplanes.
I'm reading a letter.
My mother wants me to study in Switzerland.
I get up early in the morning.
I need to open this door.
Want one?
I slept too much.
That airplane is huge!
Get your hair cut!
It's terribly expensive.
He plays the bagpipes.
He plays bagpipes and wears a kilt.
I want milk and cookies!
My grandmother died.
The law has been changed.
I love going to the beach.
How was the beach?
Fish is expensive.
She kept me waiting thirty minutes.
She didn't clean the dishes.
Why don't you want to learn English?
The meat is expensive.
Do not drink the water in the dirty glass!
I'm not very polite.
Plants grow towards sunlight.
Algeria deserves trust and support.
I forgot my password.
Books are the bees that carry pollen from one mind to another.
He's smart, handsome and polite.
He's kind of shy.
She's kind of shy.
He never found out the truth.
I work in a flower shop.
Her eye was swollen.
This part of the library is closed to the public.
This section of the library is closed to the public.
This area of the library is closed to the public.
This portion of the library is off-limits to the public.
He has begun to learn Esperanto.
He was furious.
She was furious.
I want to declutter my apartment.
He went too far.
My French teacher is the same age as me.
Pirates are cruel.
Sharks are killed for their fins.
Tom is asleep in his room.
Have you counted the towels?
What country were you born in?
I don't want to study today.
It's obvious that she doesn't love her husband.
Do you understand Chinese?
My shoes are not comfortable.
I need new shoes.
What's the longest German word?
It is an honor for us.
Let's go sit in the shade.
Let's sit in the shade.
I clicked the link, but nothing happened.
Tom is a bit older than Mary.
She is my friend.
Why didn't you wake me up?
I'm going to bed. Good night.
Tom makes a lot of mistakes.
Tom made a lot of mistakes.
Were you spying on me?
I must get my hair cut.
Today's pigs are tomorrow's hams.
The devil is a squirrel.
At home it is Liisa who rules the roost.
He made himself a sandwich.
I don't want a sandwich.
Why are you staring at me like that?
Shut up and sit down.
I'm not fat!
He was mortally wounded.
Tom lost 30 kilograms.
Where is Laurie?
Where is the hotel?
Is this for sale?
My name is Laurie.
I'll learn German.
Is she beautiful?
He is afraid.
Another world is possible.
Drain the pasta into the colander.
Ireland is a very beautiful country.
I want to learn Irish.
I feel perfectly fine.
What is going on with Tatoeba lately?
This is Tom's room.
Does he have long hair?
Does he have gray hair?
Does he have a big house?
How is it possible?
He's a good kisser.
I can't believe I cried.
She has white teeth.
She has long, curly hair.
This is a girl.
That is not a fish.
Where is the dog?
Everybody agrees.
What does he look like?
He resembles his father.
I'm going back home for Christmas.
This lake is very deep.
The dog will bark.
The old dog barked.
She has wide hips.
That's his horse.
Is Tom an artist?
He complained about the food.
I tried not to stare.
She's alive!
He's from Germany.
Why don't you ask him directly?
Please turn off the lights.
She moved to Germany.
He moved to Germany.
You'll lose time.
What time did you go to bed yesterday?
She's not bad.
You have to eat everything!
He has white teeth.
It's sad.
The water was blue.
I'd like some ice cream.
This glass is dirty.
This fork is dirty.
I hate rainy days.
I hate winter.
I love sitting on the beach.
This tree is tall.
He was sitting on the bed.
Squirrels like nuts.
Show me your hands.
Why can't Tom come?
The yogurt is delicious.
The squirrels jumped from branch to branch.
I trust her.
I fell asleep on her shoulder.
But why did she do it?
Which car is yours?
I would do the same.
Tom was not jealous.
Tom wasn't jealous.
These horses are yours.
I am fat.
Your daughters are beautiful.
My memory is slow.
Who's hungry?
Who is hungry?
You should write a book!
This is going too far.
He's drunk.
He drew an apple.
I'm in Paris.
I didn't order this.
You are right.
I solved the problem a few days ago.
You thanked Tom for the present.
They thanked Tom for the present.
I have the ace of spades.
I have the ace of clubs.
I ate the red apples.
I ate the green apples.
Good luck with the new job.
I think it's wrong to lie.
What a waste of time!
There are as many museums as there are churches.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
How many countries are there in the world?
I'll go to Greece.
Greece has a great history.
Emily is afraid of heights.
She came to Tokyo at the age of eighteen.
I'm looking forward to your letter!
I'm looking forward to getting your letter.
It took me almost three hours to finish my math homework.
Tom and Mary were in love with each other.
I thought you might be interested in this.
I wonder when the movie's going to start.
I won't be ready to do that until Monday.
I'm afraid that's easier said than done.
I was up all night writing this report.
Tom has worked for me for three years.
I'm not going to answer that question.
I'm afraid that's no longer possible.
You're in love with Tom, aren't you?
You won't believe who came by today.
Tom put thirty dollars on the table.
I'm sure this is a misunderstanding.
I'm really disappointed in you, Tom.
I was your mother's first boyfriend.
Tom didn't arrive home until dawn.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions.
I was beginning to have my doubts.
I don't have a girlfriend anymore.
I bought a pair of leather gloves.
I'm sure that wasn't intentional.
I'm responsible for Tom's safety.
I'll not make that mistake again.
I'd never do something like that.
I hope I'm not bothering anybody.
You won't be needing that again.
Tom asked Mary if she loved him.
There's been a misunderstanding.
I'm going to the police station.
I'm going to tell you the truth.
I'm going to go call the police.
I'm exhausted. I'm going to bed.
I put it back where it belonged.
Tom went to the park with Mary.
Tom likes to cook Chinese food.
I'm not interested in politics.
I'm not asking your permission.
I'm getting married in October.
I'll meet you there in an hour.
What's your girlfriend's name?
Tom writes with his left hand.
Tom screwed in the light bulb.
Tom has written several books.
I've studied French for years.
I'm on the phone with Tom now.
I'll tell you when I get back.
I'll give you a call tomorrow.
I'll be there in five minutes.
I wasn't looking for anything.
Accidents happen all the time.
Tom works for an oil company.
Tom unscrewed the light bulb.
Tom turned the light back on.
Tom asked too many questions.
I'm going to leave a message.
I'm doing this for my family.
I'm beginning to get curious.
I'm afraid that's impossible.
I woke up thirty minutes ago.
I thought Tom was a musician.
I thought this was important.
You'll have to ask Tom that.
Who's going to pay the bill?
Tom turned off his computer.
I'm sure it was an accident.
I'm sorry, but you're wrong.
I'm proud to be your father.
I'm not that kind of person.
I'm not going to waste time.
I'm going to do you a favor.
I'll see you at the airport.
I'd never betray your trust.
I won't be back for a while.
I won't be able to help you.
I bought a pair of scissors.
Do you know what this means?
You have a good reputation.
What're you thinking about?
We don't have a dishwasher.
Tom, your life's in danger.
Tom wants to buy a new car.
Tom is always out of money.
Tom is a pathological liar.
This is a misunderstanding.
They're brother and sister.
It's interesting, isn't it?
I'm not interested in that.
I'm looking for my glasses.
I'll ask you one last time.
I went by there last night.
I wasn't talking about you.
I used to live near a park.
I don't have a car anymore.
Are you going to go or not?
Tom's not in the hospital.
Tom drinks beer every day.
Tom asked me to come here.
Nobody trusts Tom anymore.
I'm still working on that.
I'm running a little late.
I'm not worried about you.
I'm not like other people.
I'm not doing this for me.
I'm going to the hospital.
I'm going to cook for you.
I'm going to be a teacher.
I'm glad that you're here.
I'm asking what you think.
I'm as curious as you are.
I'm a pretty good swimmer.
I'll try to distract them.
I'll take care of the cat.
I'll never understand you.
I'll do what must be done.
I'll catch the next train.
I'll be as quick as I can.
I'd be willing to pay you.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I wonder what it could be.
I wonder if this is wrong.
I was there the other day.
I was just here yesterday.
I was as surprised as you.
I usually get what I want.
I thought we were friends.
I know that Mary loves me.
I don't want to live here.
Do you have a few minutes?
You're worrying too much.
You're tired, aren't you?
You're not my girlfriend.
You have no other choice.
We're brother and sister.
We have very little time.
Tom sat down on the sofa.
Tom played poker with us.
Tom barely speaks French.
They're not always right.
I'm one of your students.
I'm not in love with you.
I'm not here to hurt you.
I'm not at all surprised.
I'm not a morning person.
I'll take the next train.
I'll be there in an hour.
I'll be right behind you.
I'd never do that to you.
I was beginning to worry.
You're right, of course.
You wouldn't believe it.
What's your wife's name?
What was Tom's reaction?
Were the windows closed?
Tom wouldn't hurt a fly.
Tom knows what he wants.
Tom isn't wearing socks.
Tom got on the airplane.
Tom didn't want to wait.
The dog started barking.
I've tried that already.
I'm sure you'll succeed.
I'm still not ready yet.
I'm sorry I doubted you.
I'm running out of time.
I'm not hiding anything.
I'm not good with names.
I'm not coming with you.
I'm going to do my best.
I'm fully aware of that.
I'll never work for you.
I wonder where Tom went.
I was talking about you.
I thought everyone knew.
I know that Tom is busy.
I can't stay home today.
I can't do it by myself.
You'll have no problem.
Where are Tom and Mary?
We won't be doing that.
We have a new neighbor.
We don't have a garden.
Tom wants to say hello.
Tom isn't always wrong.
Tom is drinking a beer.
This is Tom's computer.
This is non-negotiable.
This is mine, isn't it?
There was an explosion.
I'm studying very hard.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm not hungry anymore.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not disputing that.
I'm not afraid anymore.
I'm mad at both of you.
I'm here with a friend.
I'm glad it's all over.
I'll shoot both of you.
I'll keep that in mind.
I'll go back to Boston.
I'll be in the library.
I wouldn't bet on that.
I wasn't aware of that.
I was wrong about that.
I was there that night.
I was right behind Tom.
I tried to protect you.
I told you not to move.
I told Tom not to come.
You're worse than Tom.
You're not very funny.
We have a reservation.
Tom is writing a book.
Tom is also an artist.
Tom is a good teacher.
Tom has three sisters.
Tom gave me something.
Tom didn't trust Mary.
Tom brushed his teeth.
They're not expensive.
Summer is almost over.
I'm still very scared.
I'm out of place here.
I'm not wearing socks.
I'm not in any danger.
I'm not an only child.
I'm not afraid to die.
I'm not a patient man.
I'm almost sure of it.
I wouldn't be so sure.
I work at the airport.
Everyone was drinking.
Are you going to help me?
You're a good mother.
You are what you are.
We're the new owners.
We met the other day.
We know what we want.
Tom works for me now.
Tom plays the guitar.
Tom played the piano.
Tom peeled the apple.
Tom never got better.
Tom lost his balance.
Tom knows what to do.
Tom is angry with us.
Tom has a girlfriend.
Tom ended up in jail.
Is that your bicycle?
Irritating, isn't it?
I'm working here now.
I'm thirty years old.
I'm not that worried.
I'm not sure anymore.
I'm not ignoring you.
I'm not finished yet.
I'm not exactly sure.
I'm here on business.
I'm going to be late.
I'm glad I hired you.
I'm allergic to dogs.
I'm allergic to cats.
I'll send you a bill.
I wouldn't bet on it.
I was somewhere else.
I was jealous of you.
I was in the library.
I was in bed already.
I was at the library.
I waited three hours.
I told you the truth.
Have a drink with me.
Do you have a theory?
You're all the same.
You must be careful.
Why is the bus late?
We're in good hands.
We aren't that poor.
Tom's room is empty.
Tom plays the piano.
Tom made a sandwich.
Tom is with the FBI.
They're about to go.
These are the rules.
That's sweet of you.
I'm waiting for you.
I'm tired of losing.
I'm tired of Boston.
I'm proud of myself.
I'm not very hungry.
I'm late for school.
I'm going to church.
I'm faster than you.
I'm afraid of death.
I'm a little scared.
I'll see you Monday.
I'll need your help.
I'll have no choice.
I'll go in a minute.
I'll give it to you.
I'll close the door.
I'll be out of town.
I'll always be here.
I went to bed early.
I wasn't in a hurry.
I was aware of that.
You're a brave man.
You worry too much.
You were too young.
You know I'm right.
You know everybody.
You have to listen.
You have to choose.
You have my thanks.
You have a problem.
Where is my pencil?
We were so worried.
We have a contract.
Tom's nose was red.
Tom's dog is brown.
Tom's a bright boy.
Tom, say something.
Tom was very tired.
Tom talked to Mary.
Tom never saw Mary.
Tom is getting fat.
Tom has black hair.
Tom drank lemonade.
Tom became serious.
They're yours, Tom.
They know about it.
They have no money.
That was a mistake.
People are talking.
Look up at the sky.
I'm Tom's roommate.
I'm taking a break.
I'm still too weak.
I'm still in shock.
I'm sorry for this.
I'm ready to begin.
I'm older than Tom.
I'm not denying it.
I'm in the kitchen.
I'm here, aren't I?
I'm glad it's over.
I'm giving it back.
I'm at Tom's house.
I'm a teacher here.
I'll see you there.
I'll make some tea.
I'll go next month.
I'll get rid of it.
I'll do that later.
I'll bring it back.
I'd better go home.
I wrote it for Tom.
I wasn't told that.
I used to be a cop.
I met a nice woman.
You're in my seat.
You're a good boy.
You were charming.
You like everyone.
We're all at risk.
We have to escape.
Tom was very good.
Tom was ambitious.
Tom sneezes a lot.
Tom never said no.
Tom knew too much.
Tom isn't a child.
Tom is Mary's son.
Tom drinks coffee.
Obey your parents.
My knife is sharp.
It wasn't a party.
It was a pleasure.
I'm tired of this.
I'm on page three.
I'm now your boss.
I'm aware of that.
I'm an only child.
I'll take the bus.
I'll give it back.
I love that store.
Have a drink, Tom.
You're very sick.
You're an artist.
You're a problem.
You really stink.
You have a point.
We were so proud.
We have homework.
Tom was friendly.
Tom isn't hungry.
Tom impressed me.
Tom has chickens.
Tom has a family.
Tom has a big TV.
They're brothers.
They work for me.
The sky was gray.
School's not fun.
I'm from the FBI.
I'll go this way.
I'd have said no.
I won't be quiet.
I was in the car.
I want to go out.
I heard a scream.
I feel so lonely.
How was the game?
Everyone had fun.
Did Tom hurt you?
Breathe normally.
You're bleeding.
Why is Tom here?
Where's the key?
Where's the dog?
We want it back.
Tom's my friend.
Tom's my cousin.
Tom was in love.
Tom was helpful.
Tom has rabbits.
The house stank.
It was a secret.
I'm on the roof.
I'm not on duty.
I'll rent a car.
I'll look it up.
I'll be on time.
I won't shut up.
I was at school.
I was a witness.
Crows are black.
Are you in love?
You're a child.
Tom's not here.
Tom's a doctor.
Tom lied to us.
They are alone.
It's dangerous.
I'm not so old.
I was an idiot.
I was a doctor.
I hate carrots.
We are at war.
Tom had a cat.
I'm not blind.
I'm not a spy.
I was too shy.
I was tempted.
I was at work.
I want it all.
How delicious!
You survived.
You promised.
We live here.
Wait outside.
Tom was poor.
Tom is alive.
Tom got home.
Just say yes.
It was black.
Is it for me?
Can we do it?
You cheated.
Tom slipped.
They're red.
It's stupid.
You missed.
I miss Tom.
You drive.
I'll help.
You won.
Hi, Tom.
They are dead.
You're in Boston.
You are in Boston.
Tom is too drunk.
She's too drunk.
She is too drunk.
We are too drunk.
They are too drunk.
Two, four, six and eight are even numbers.
One, three, five, seven and nine are odd numbers.
He loves me.
She loves me.
Can you repeat that?
Tom sings.
I have many dreams.
Mary doesn't sing very well.
She doesn't sing very well.
He doesn't sing very well.
He doesn't speak English.
Damascus is a beautiful town.
I am allergic to cats.
He did it anyway.
You owe me a kiss.
He was hurt.
Mary was hurt.
I have always wanted a daughter.
Turn on the air conditioner.
He's just a friend.
He likes you very much.
She was afraid of hurting him.
I think France is the most beautiful country in Europe.
I have no clue.
I was coughing.
I represented my country.
You were young.
I was jealous.
He was young.
She was young.
Mary was young.
Tom was young.
He wanted to buy a book.
Thanks, guys!
She laughed nervously.
I deserved better.
You were jealous of me.
He was born in the U.S.A.
He crossed his arms.
He licked his lips.
She licked her lips.
He did not resist.
She did not resist.
I did not resist.
He's not here right now.
No, you don't understand.
She's out for a walk.
My name is Emily.
This diamond is fake.
Since when is Ricardo married?
Do you know the Wikipedia website?
She was dressed in white.
I need some volunteers.
I came to see you.
He bade her farewell.
She spoke only German.
He showed her his tattoo.
She looked very tired.
My friends call me Tom.
He's a farm worker.
I didn't know how to react.
Stop complaining about the weather.
What is your favorite animal?
Please turn down the music.
I tried for almost an hour.
She's the perfect girl.
I hate my brother.
Hey, listen!
It's a badge of honor.
She left her umbrella in the bus.
They've lost their umbrellas.
You've lost your umbrellas.
She has lost her umbrella.
He has lost his umbrella.
No one escaped alive.
She bent forward.
She won't be ready.
I don't mind sleeping on the couch.
It's not a competition.
He plays bass guitar.
Tom plays the bass guitar in our band.
Everyone knows everyone.
It is raining cats and dogs.
Omigod!
How pretty!
I quit my job the day before yesterday.
She is not always late.
She doesn't always come late.
If there were no telephones, it would be inconvenient.
Given all the books you've written, would it really be so hard to write a small article?
My uncle lives next to the school.
Political necessities sometimes turn out to be political mistakes.
This is getting out of hand.
Is it hard to be vegan?
This whiskey is too strong.
My grandmother had a stroke.
This cheese is made from goat's milk.
They can overcome their fear.
It's not over yet.
My favorite color is brown.
I was running.
It's a wildlife sanctuary.
He has a new girlfriend.
The bar is closing soon.
Would you like some water?
Do you like apple pies?
Is this sentence correct?
The article you wrote is not in compliance with our journal's standards.
Are you a foreigner?
I'm going to the post office.
Tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver.
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
I had an appointment at 2:30, but I got caught in traffic and couldn't get there in time.
Finally it's Friday.
I'm the one in the middle.
Good God!
She's eating a pear.
Witches can fly on broomsticks.
Who is Tom?
He came to save me.
Yes, my angel.
She washed the blood off her hands.
I'll see her today.
I'll see him today.
Poor me.
I'm invincible!
He's my rival.
Live and learn.
He finished his beer.
He translated her sentence.
She translated his sentence.
He moved to Europe.
She looked embarrassed.
He's well dressed.
My glass is full.
I just got home.
Tom is his brother.
Tom is her brother.
It's a question of personal taste.
Aardvarks are nocturnal animals.
Aardvarks are excellent diggers.
I want to know what's going on out here.
I want to show you something in my office.
I want to talk to you about something else.
I'll be very careful.
I'm trying to figure out something.
If you really want to know, all you have to do is ask.
Is there anything you want to tell us?
No one speaks with me.
Out of twenty students, only one has read the book.
That's pretty normal.
There's so much I want to say to you.
This is something I need to do alone.
We've arrived a little late.
What's the real reason you don't want to do this?
I hear only you.
Goodbye.
Why would you want to do something like that?
You can do whatever you want to do, of course.
You don't seem too happy to see me.
You've already forgotten.
I love France.
Winter vacation is just around the corner.
I received an email from Tom this morning.
Someone tried to kill me.
What I need is a beer.
I love puzzles.
He wants to kill me.
She wants to kill me.
We went straight to bed.
He knows the way.
Why is the sky blue?
This candle is not white.
I want to become a musician.
Where're Tom's things?
Is the boss there?
The measurements need to be precise.
Is that what Tom would want?
I went to the cinema yesterday.
Tom is a dog trainer.
This car is too expensive for me to buy.
My parents threw me out of the house when I was 16.
Barking dogs never bite.
Life is difficult.
What does a Sovietologist study?
She is a young student.
Progress is unavoidable.
Being good at basketball, he was recently chosen to be on the national team.
We have to leave tomorrow!
She can leave tomorrow.
He can leave tomorrow.
You can leave tomorrow.
Tom lost his only son in a car accident.
I come home at two thirty.
Daddy's working.
I'm prepared for the worst.
I believe that he was angry.
My car is red.
If I were you, I'd ignore it.
This book will help you write effectively.
Why did you lie to me?
OK.
He goes to school.
I did my homework yesterday.
Have you got a bike?
She has got a book.
We were in love.
He was very sad yesterday.
That sucks.
There are no ads on Tatoeba.
The woman is eating bread.
He is at the office.
Good lord.
He isn't running.
Tom has died.
Where are you calling from?
I'm calling from Tom's mobile phone.
Let's meet in front of the theatre.
She's a young student.
Emily wants to learn Greek.
Who had this idea?
I was watching TV.
Denmark has a prison.
The rain turned into snow.
Eleven is a prime number.
If I were you, I wouldn't do such a rude thing.
Tel Aviv is a beautiful city.
There is a mistake in the sentence.
The truth hurts.
I want a piece of cake.
I think that maybe Tom and I could be friends.
Is one of you Tom?
I live in Cairo.
I see a boy.
The king is naked!
My bicycle has a flat.
Are you in Bangladesh?
I'm a professional photographer.
He was angry with her.
I don't have two cats.
This is a fish.
Hi, my name's Tom!
I know what we can do.
I need paint.
I need glue.
You have beautiful hair.
I talk a lot.
I need Internet.
I walk a lot, because it's healthy.
I need a pencil.
I need colored pencils.
In many respects, women and men are completely different.
It's been a pleasure chatting with you.
The door is at the end of the corridor.
I would like to ask a favour of you.
I've never thought about it.
Europe is a continent.
That's dangerous!
My heart is bleeding.
My name is Ricardo.
I got up a minute ago.
I didn't go to school.
The plane crashed.
Your brother looks just like you.
I need a partner.
We're not enemies.
I speak Arabic.
That's all she has.
That's all he has.
He ate the apple.
I'll read the book.
They planted apple trees.
I was afraid of my father.
Smoking causes lung cancer.
He was born in the US.
I'm going to bed early tonight.
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel.
I don't believe in miracles.
I'm very poor.
Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania.
Vaduz is the capital of Liechtenstein.
Riga is the capital of Latvia.
Astana is the capital of Kazakhstan.
Reykjavík is the capital of Iceland.
Sofia is the capital of Bulgaria.
Athens is the capital of Greece.
Skopje is the capital of Macedonia.
Podgorica is the capital of Montenegro.
Vienna is the capital of Austria.
Lisbon is the capital of Portugal.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Bratislava is the capital of Slovakia.
Ljubljana is the capital of Slovenia.
Minsk is the capital of Belarus.
Tom took off his wedding ring and threw it into the pond.
Tom is wearing the sunglasses he bought yesterday.
It's been a long time since I've heard that song.
I have a feeling you and I have a lot in common.
Tell Tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are getting married in October.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.
Do you know where Tom and his friends went?
The book you're looking for is on my desk.
Be careful not to step on the dog's tail.
Tom opened the book and started reading.
Tom and Mary think they know everything.
Was there something wrong with the car?
I thought it was the right thing to do.
We have lots of other things to drink.
Tom and Mary look very happy together.
Tom and his friends are playing poker.
You're not from around here, are you?
Tom will eventually give in, I think.
Tom says that he's in love with Mary.
What were you doing at the hospital?
What part of Australia are you from?
Tom seems to be waiting for someone.
Tom believes that Mary was murdered.
Tom and Mary seem so happy together.
Tom spoke to the doctors in French.
Tom has a fast internet connection.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in Boston.
Something's on your mind, isn't it?
Tom was the only one in the house.
Tom was beginning to feel ignored.
Tom loved Mary and Mary loved him.
Tom and Mary want to learn French.
Tom and Mary have three daughters.
Tom and Mary are looking for John.
You liked that movie, didn't you?
We'll be there in thirty minutes.
Tom knew that Mary was in danger.
Tom knew Mary didn't know French.
Tom and Mary are older than John.
Tom and Mary are looking for you.
The police lowered their weapons.
I hope that this isn't a mistake.
Do you want another one of these?
Are you feeling better today?
Tom was beginning to feel tired.
Tom doesn't wear a wedding ring.
Something weird's going on here.
I won't be able to eat all this.
Why aren't you saying anything?
We'll be home all day tomorrow.
We have everything we need now.
Tom said Mary was his daughter.
Tom and Mary are a nice couple.
Tom doesn't even know my name.
That never should've happened.
What happened here yesterday?
Tom is really busy, isn't he?
Tom doesn't know you're here.
Tom doesn't know that I know.
Tom and Mary look very tired.
You're wanted by the police.
You must be the new teacher.
You had no right to do that.
We all believe in something.
Tom was always there for me.
Tom has some very good news.
Tom doesn't look rich to me.
Tom and Mary know the truth.
I don't often ask questions.
Don't you have a girlfriend?
Tom isn't paying attention.
Thank you for your support.
It wasn't an easy decision.
I forgot to lock the door.
Does anyone have an antidote?
Do you think Tom is hungry?
Do you know where they are?
Do you have to do this now?
Do you have an explanation?
You said it was important.
Why is that your nickname?
Why does it have to be me?
Why are you wearing a tux?
Why are you so busy today?
We're late because of you.
We're here because of you.
Tom was at Mary's baptism.
Tom wants Mary's approval.
Tom turned off the lights.
Tom looks really relieved.
Tom looked very concerned.
Tom has three secretaries.
Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary were married.
Tom and Mary aren't alone.
Tom always makes me laugh.
Some of them are teachers.
Half of them are students.
Where were your children?
What did they say to you?
What are they doing here?
We're almost out of time.
Tom was murdered by Mary.
Tom sounded really upset.
Tom signed the documents.
Tom isn't wearing gloves.
Tom is right behind Mary.
Tom is obviously worried.
Tom has a new girlfriend.
Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary are friends.
This isn't your decision.
They have what they want.
Thank you for the drinks.
Mary has a new boyfriend.
It wasn't that expensive.
I'm proud to be Canadian.
Does Tom have to do that?
Does Tom have to be here?
Does it have to be today?
Do you all feel that way?
Come on, Tom, be patient.
Are you wearing a girdle?
Are you Tom's girlfriend?
You were almost in time.
You have what they want.
You have thirty seconds.
Why aren't you with Tom?
Why aren't you laughing?
Where were your parents?
Where are you from, Tom?
Where are we going, Tom?
What's your explanation?
What's Tom's dog's name?
What're you saying, Tom?
Were you at the concert?
Tom would agree with me.
Tom thinks Mary is ugly.
Tom switched off the TV.
Tom needs a transfusion.
Tom is preparing dinner.
Tom has what Mary wants.
Tom fell into the water.
Tom asked for my number.
Thanks for reminding me.
Order has been restored.
My father was a teacher.
I'll follow your advice.
Why were you in prison?
Why aren't you working?
Why aren't you with me?
What's your dad's name?
Tom wasn't very hungry.
Tom was my best friend.
Tom was a little drunk.
Tom told us everything.
Tom seems very nervous.
Tom never trusted Mary.
Tom must be very proud.
Tom looks very worried.
Tom looks very nervous.
Tom looks very anxious.
Tom looked embarrassed.
Tom knows what's wrong.
Tom isn't welcome here.
Tom isn't here anymore.
Tom isn't bothering me.
Tom is getting nervous.
Tom is getting jealous.
Tom forgot his glasses.
Tom crossed the street.
This is an improvement.
That's very personal.
Thank you for the soup.
I'm not busy right now.
Do you want some water?
Do you have a daughter?
Aren't you hungry, Tom?
Are you listening, Tom?
Are you in the library?
You're in danger, Tom.
Why are they laughing?
Where were you hiding?
What do they do there?
We had an appointment.
Tom never drinks beer.
Tom made an exception.
Tom knows you're here.
Tom just contacted us.
Tom has lots of money.
Tom has been expelled.
That was embarrassing.
Thanks for being here.
I know Tom quite well.
I did that on purpose.
Do you have the money?
Do you have a uniform?
You could've said no.
Why aren't you ready?
Why are you stopping?
Who are your friends?
Where are Tom's keys?
What's your nickname?
What's their purpose?
What's in the bottle?
What were you saying?
What are you drawing?
We were playing golf.
Tom wants us to wait.
Tom looks very bored.
Tom isn't my brother.
Tom got off his bike.
Tom asked a question.
This is your bedroom.
This is Tom's school.
This is for you, Tom.
They hate each other.
These keys are Tom's.
These aren't for you.
These are my parents.
That's all for today.
That was predictable.
None of this matters.
My son's name is Tom.
Maybe they're hungry.
Make yourself useful.
Listen to your heart.
Listen to me, please.
It wasn't Tom's idea.
It wasn't that funny.
Isn't that Tom's hat?
How's your wife, Tom?
Do you want some tea?
Do you have the keys?
Do you have a second?
Do you have a garage?
Do you do this often?
Are you with us, Tom?
Are those my glasses?
You're not that old.
Why did Tom do that?
Why are you so busy?
Where does Tom live?
Where are you today?
When will you start?
We were both hungry.
We have three weeks.
We have a job to do.
Was the door closed?
Tom's eyes are blue.
Tom saved your life.
Tom said to ask you.
Tom never said that.
Tom looks very busy.
Tom lit the candles.
Tom likes ice cream.
Tom is very unhappy.
Tom is the youngest.
Those are my orders.
This is Tom's knife.
This is Tom's grave.
That wasn't my idea.
Thanks for the food.
Thanks for the book.
Let's do this later.
I'm not at all busy.
Everyone was hungry.
Do you have a house?
Could it be a virus?
You were in a coma.
Who is your friend?
Who are you really?
When did you start?
What's in this box?
What's in the file?
We're not dead yet.
Tom tried to sleep.
Tom needs you here.
Tom needs a friend.
Tom knew our names.
Tom isn't like you.
Tom isn't a doctor.
Tom is my prisoner.
Tom has a question.
Tom didn't see you.
They're not hungry.
That's not our job.
Thanks for helping.
It's not that hard.
It's not a problem.
It's in the fridge.
Is Tom still alive?
Is that not normal?
I fell off my bike.
How is your sister?
You need a lawyer.
You have one hour.
You had no choice.
Who are these men?
Where's my driver?
We were in Boston.
Watch your tongue.
Tom will obey you.
Tom was very busy.
Tom took my money.
Tom must be tired.
Tom isn't like me.
Tom is very angry.
This room is cold.
This is our house.
This is my family.
That was our plan.
Thank you so much.
It's not a weapon.
Is that not clear?
I'm not very busy.
I need Tom's help.
Here we are again.
Do you need to go?
Did Tom seem busy?
Are you saying no?
Are you in danger?
Are they Canadian?
Why did you call?
We need you back.
We met in Boston.
We had no choice.
Tom was a farmer.
Tom isn't my son.
Tom is concerned.
Tom ate my lunch.
Tom abandoned me.
Sit on the bench.
Show us the room.
See you in class.
Mary is charming.
Look at this one.
Look at that dog.
It's a bad habit.
Give us a moment.
Are you my enemy?
Are you homesick?
Are they in love?
You're so weird.
Where's my room?
Tom wasn't busy.
Tom was at home.
Tom seemed calm.
Tom seemed busy.
Tom has my book.
Tom has a horse.
Tom had a knife.
See you tonight.
Look at the sky.
It's not a gift.
It's not a game.
Is Tom an actor?
Is it that hard?
I have a theory.
How do we begin?
Give Tom a call.
Are you with us?
You need to go.
Who's not busy?
We need to eat.
Was that a yes?
Tom is a moron.
Tom has a plan.
This is theirs.
Sing us a song.
Send Tom to me.
Leave it to us.
How did you do?
How did it end?
Did you say 30?
What's it for?
Were you busy?
We're so busy.
Was it a joke?
Tom has a job.
Tom had a gun.
Tom can do it.
Pass it to me.
My name's Tom.
It was stupid.
I wasn't busy.
Thanks again.
Tell Tom why.
Should we go?
Tom sneezed.
Tom's busy.
Talk to me.
It hurts.
Do you want to go fishing with me?
Sure honey.
I'd better go now.
Torture is a crime against humanity.
Could you make the salad?
I want to see, too!
Can I see?
He's a bonehead.
I love hamburgers.
We work in a factory.
I have to drink.
I can live without water.
I read a book.
Read a book!
I'm here for another reason.
He has a blue bicycle.
She can swim.
I drank the coffee.
Thanks, everyone.
The lake is polluted.
No, it's not that.
I felt very sleepy.
He's a dimwit.
I hear someone coming.
Do you have a dictionary?
I want to learn Swedish.
Thanks, Mom.
He has a potbelly.
Does Laurie have a computer?
Why am I not surprised?
I live in a city.
I didn't sleep well last night.
That's not a secret.
I have enough money.
I will come.
Don't tell me how to drive.
There's no other explanation.
I am not racist.
It's not fair. I did the dishes yesterday.
He's using you.
I learned it by heart.
He is still green in business.
He helped me fix my watch.
What browser are you using?
This is Tom.
That's for sure.
I was playing the violin.
This is not my ticket.
The bird flies.
Is this your family?
She's a determined woman.
I go to school every morning.
She's not a child anymore.
The problem is that we don't have enough time.
There was a problem with the thermostat.
Do you understand what the problem is?
All your problems have been solved.
That only makes the problem worse.
We solved that problem last week.
We have a serious problem here.
Is there some sort of problem?
I think it won't be a problem.
Do you have a problem with me?
That's not our problem now.
What's the problem today?
Like I said, no problem.
Tom has back problems.
No one has a problem.
You've got problems.
Is it a big problem?
What colour is her hair?
Mom, Tom ate my cookie.
My mare foaled.
Put your hand on my shoulder.
Mogadishu is the capital of Somalia.
I hate silent movies.
Tom visited four countries.
Tom retired when he was 65.
I want your blood.
The picture is in this book.
Oh shit! I've lost my keys!
What's your room number?
I should have told her that I love her.
We should have done that.
She died five years ago.
Tom is buying a new house next year.
What are you doing next Monday?
Tom is getting bored.
Tom likes learning French.
I drank the wine.
Elaine is in hospital.
If Esperanto were an easy language I wouldn't need a proofreader.
I don't share your opinion.
The mother sews.
My mom is so hypocritical.
Lust is one of the seven deadly sins.
He has perfect teeth.
She thinks that she's the center of the universe.
A blood vessel broke in my eye.
I don't understand what you mean.
You're better than me.
We went to London.
Do you love her?
We can't tell anybody.
The dream came true.
Tom can't read yet.
I speak German.
He gave me what I needed.
I've lost my wallet.
Since Tom arrived at Guantanamo Bay he has been exposed to different forms of torture: sleep deprivation, sensory deprivation, extreme temperatures, prolonged isolation, lack of sunlight and limited health care.
She was very excited when she won.
He sees himself as the center of the universe.
You've got a nice smile.
Is she prettier than me?
I was looking for him.
I was looking for her.
This car is very expensive.
Do you like studying?
I like this color.
I should have studied more.
Nobody understood me.
Guys... really?
That's what everyone does.
Tom works in Boston.
You're going to ruin your eyes.
My whole body was shaking.
The sun went down behind the mountains.
You must come with me.
I am weak.
I am getting weaker and weaker!
His explanation really isn't clear.
Tom is awake.
I really like seafood.
I would never go there.
I work on a farm, said Tom.
These paintings are beautiful.
He is a perfectionist.
They often help each other.
I really do miss my parents a lot.
Are you my friend?
Your friend is here.
We missed our train.
I have a normal eyesight.
The airplane is ready.
There are also French tourists.
My French is pathetic.
Why did you stop only the foreigners?
Do you have any friends?
We have a new neighbour.
We have something else in common.
That seems suspicious to me.
That looks suspicious to me.
My mom disapproves of him.
I haven't forgotten her.
St. Petersburg is a Russian city.
The head is a part of the human body.
I love you too.
She knows that.
Tom went home at 6:30.
She grew up in Australia.
Old habits are hard to break.
What language are you speaking?
Who told you that?
Tom is slow.
Does he understand what he's saying?
Tom writes well.
Tom looks like his mother.
She's sitting on the bench.
I managed to repair my car by myself.
They all look the same.
Mary lives in Cairo.
Everyone knows Mr Hashimoto.
I hated school.
He is a singer.
Leave this country.
Kyoto and Boston are sister cities.
Tom is not interested in politics.
He has seven sons.
The box was full of books.
He comes here twice a week.
I bet that translating this text will be really easy.
I wrote a book about China.
I like broccoli, but I hate cauliflower.
Tom goes jogging in the park every morning.
She was the only survivor.
"You shouldn't use the word ""gay"" as an insult."
The possibilities are endless.
She bikes to school.
Angela is not an angel.
I have moral standards.
My daughter's your age.
The weather is really bad.
The weather is bad.
All together!
I forgot the book.
My pleasure.
My horse is black.
Tom wasn't at the meeting.
What a bore!
I don't speak English.
I like to dance.
He forgot his name.
He forgot her name.
My name is Francesco.
That's not true!
She has a crush on her teacher.
She was asking for it.
Is Santa Claus real?
I do not sing.
Let's go by train.
What time does the train leave?
Lightning struck Tom's house.
My name is Roberto.
I am 12 years old.
She lives in Rome.
Is the bank open today?
What time does the bank open?
These dirty socks stink.
This rule is often ignored.
She's coming with us.
I'm wearing sunglasses.
He died ten years ago.
Are you still angry at me?
Mike likes cats.
Who are you talking to?
Wait for six hours.
We want it.
I'm swimming in the ocean.
I believe he's gay.
Will you hand me that pencil?
We grind our coffee by hand.
I guess Tom is sick.
I'll be back in half an hour.
Who's your favorite singer?
I was stupid enough to believe Tom.
Who would do such a stupid thing?
Children often do stupid things.
Don't you feel stupid now?
The idea is stupid anyway.
That's a stupid idea.
I feel so stupid.
I'm not a good person.
Why did you come this early?
I'm not sure whether I really want that.
What's the longest river in the world?
You're the man I've been looking for.
You're responsible for this accident.
There's enough room for everybody.
I'm afraid I don't agree with you.
I'll teach you how to play chess.
What's the exchange rate today?
Tom teaches his friends French.
I can't speak French very well.
We both have the same problem.
I can't bear the pain anymore.
We're prepared for the worst.
We'll accept your conditions.
There's no one in the house.
I'm in Boston all this week.
You're wanted on the phone.
You're a little overweight.
We painted the walls white.
Tom really needs your help.
Tom is older than he looks.
That's out of the question.
There's a message for you.
That's no longer possible.
It's getting dark outside.
I'm almost as tall as Tom.
We'll discuss that later.
It's still light outside.
I won't attend the party.
What's your nationality?
That's not my signature.
It's wrong to tell lies.
I'm now learning French.
You're probably right.
I'm not as busy as Tom.
You'll be better soon.
That's not my opinion.
I'm too tired to help.
You're a true friend.
You will be punished.
What's this used for?
We really have to go.
I'm shorter than you.
I'm not good at math.
I'm glad to help you.
You will need a key.
We're out of danger.
What's for dessert?
You're my friends.
It's cold outside.
It's windy today.
Tom seems angry.
That's my dog.
Please don't do it.
I speak Irish.
It's eight o'clock.
I can't come because I'm in London.
I have a big house.
I have a green house.
I have two sons.
We've painted the walls white.
He began.
It's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow.
I've been a ski instructor for three years.
What's the difference between a village and a city?
His alibi seemed perfect.
That was the worst movie I've ever seen.
This film is a masterpiece.
I'm not sure it's the right decision.
I'm Thai.
I'm trying to be happy.
December 24th is Christmas Eve.
Come on, tell her!
Do we have time?
He is seldom home.
You should've phoned.
Tom should've listened to you.
Tom should've protected Mary.
You should've called me.
He lived in Azerbaijan for 4 years.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
That is a very interesting story.
He milked the cow.
She milked the cow.
My father went to China.
What is a good life?
He is watering the garden.
I hugged her.
Merlin was a wizard.
Here's my phone number.
We couldn't agree on anything.
You should've gone home already.
Do you want to do it again?
You all are Swedish.
She's in a bad mood.
I'd like a cup of tea, please.
She spends a lot of time on the phone.
Do you know Tom's real name?
He is blind as a mole.
Life is a gift.
Brazil is the biggest country in South America.
Life is a gift. Accept it.
She picked up her toys.
No one listens to me when I talk.
It looks really good on you.
He always thinks he's right.
She always thinks she's right.
I want pizza!
OK, you win.
I drink too much!
I don't drink a lot.
I cried a lot.
It's a family secret.
Elephants have long trunks.
I hate my job sometimes.
Give her what she wants.
What do you know about pandas?
She's not sick.
You don't dress yourselves.
You can't drive.
He can't drive.
What's the difference between a star and a planet?
I never liked school.
Black wins.
If you want to learn a language, you must be patient. Success requires some time.
His dog is hard of hearing.
Do you know who I am?
Is your headache gone?
I think you should lose some weight.
My mind is torn.
Mary likes to observe birds.
We are in part responsible for it.
I owe you a dinner.
They drink some beer.
What a nitpicker!
He speaks two foreign languages.
She speaks two foreign languages.
Mary speaks two foreign languages.
Mary was lucky to find her keys.
I love twilight.
He is not a student.
She is not a student.
How many cats are there in the garden?
Cocaine is a drug.
Heroin is a drug.
The knife is dirty.
The fork is dirty.
Thanks, bud!
Thanks, buddy!
I want a knife.
It's a very simple idea.
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
I hid it somewhere.
He's drinking water.
I come home at 2:30.
I am a snail and snails are never in a hurry.
Follow me and have no fear.
Be careful not to slip!
Barack Obama was reelected President of the United States.
Germans are perfectionists.
I went to the airport to meet my father.
Today I visited a museum.
Tom still writes to me from time to time.
Her mother is calling you.
Get rid of him.
Many bees died during the winter.
We went on a long walk together.
Not everybody is the same.
I haven't played tennis in years.
Tom always thinks he's right.
You should've told me the truth.
I am going to Tokyo tomorrow.
My wife thinks I'm crazy.
The boys were as nervous as the girls.
Have you already signed the contract?
We've already begun.
Apparently, Mary doesn't like me.
Tom seemed a bit surprised.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to see her.
"Hi, Tom! ""Hi, Mary!"""
The cat is not mine.
We went to Boston.
What country is Boston in?
French is difficult.
Hebrew is a difficult language.
Do you like coffee?
I have a friend.
I was motivated.
Squirrels like to eat nuts.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance.
Tom already knows the truth.
Listen to me!
Where's Boston?
I don't want to play with you!
Be courteous.
Her purse is the same color as her shoes.
I didn't expect this result.
I ate curry rice last night.
I have to study for the exam.
Oh, no! What am I going to say to Tom?
I like him. He's a nice guy.
She probably knows.
My door's always open.
Well done, Tom.
I like Brazilian Portuguese.
She drives very fast.
The battle of Waterloo was the last battle of Napoleon Bonaparte.
You've already explained that.
Why are you at home?
I'm in Tehran.
I'm fine, thanks for asking.
My life is over!
I hate children.
The eclipse lasted for seven minutes.
It is either Cesar or nothing.
I want a dog.
Who are your parents?
Life is only a dream.
I want this bag.
Tom didn't know where to park his car.
I love honey.
My life is boring.
I love sentences about squirrels!
Morning!
She poured the milk in a bowl.
She didn't say a word.
Animals are our friends.
I'm leaving Tatoeba.
Do you want to go to the zoo?
Most of the shops were closed.
There was no answer.
I love anal sex.
Would you like to go to the zoo with me?
How many weeks of vacation do you have?
Can I sleep on the couch?
I'm a good father.
She already knows how to read.
Watch.
I gave the boy a book.
Poor cat! She can't catch the nimble mouse.
Why not tomorrow?
She isn't as stupid as she looks.
They don't look very happy.
He doesn't look very happy.
She doesn't look very happy.
I am going to New York next week.
Poor Tom!
She said she was sorry.
She is almost as tall as you are.
You're not as young as Tom.
Tom ordered a beer.
I'm going to New York next week.
Tom took the job Mary offered him.
He wants to read a book.
She really speaks English well.
She wants to read a book.
You should thank him.
Where is the woman?
Estonia has its own hymn.
I don't understand them.
The dolphins are very intelligent.
Naoko lives in the white house.
Nobody complained.
I don't speak Arabic.
Tom accidentally swallowed a coin.
Squirrels eat seeds and nuts, as well as insects and mushrooms.
I think I'm getting sick.
Sugar dissolves in warm coffee.
Mary was stubborn.
I'm always tired.
The shortest comments are often the most useful ones.
May I begin?
He's eight years old.
"On the last page, Mary wrote: ""The ship is sinking."""
You have a mosquito on your right forearm.
She's eight years old.
These books are old.
There's no knife.
Smile.
Don't ask me.
I never sleep.
Stop interfering.
I called him.
Mom, I'm hungry.
He dressed up as a woman.
He's scared of dogs.
He runs fast.
He surrendered.
She runs fast.
I'm dissatisfied.
I'm scared of dogs.
I continued reading.
Thank your friend for the gift.
She's seventeen years old.
I really like it.
The apple fell!
I love you, Tom.
Here's my number.
Does anybody recognize him?
I'm twenty-seven years old.
Can we help you?
You are a good man.
What horrible weather!
Everything that I say is a lie. And that's the truth.
My grandfather is from Osaka.
He began to sing.
He drinks a lot.
The intern died after working for 72 hours without sleep.
Tom, look! The squirrel is back!
I cry every day.
She's a graphic designer.
My father took me to the movies last night.
She's scared of dogs.
We went to the beach.
My eyes itch.
I'm eighteen.
He speaks English with a Russian accent.
Alessia can't speak English.
I hate carrots even more than I hate onions.
Tom hid behind a tree.
Tom was hiding behind a tree.
Tom was hiding in some bushes.
Lol!
Love has never killed anyone.
Do you like IKEA furniture?
How nice.
I met him.
I was impolite.
I'm scared of cats.
Does your stomach hurt?
The world hates me.
I want to be happier.
What is the woman saying?
Why are you so worried?
You need a new hat.
Tom has a Pikachu pillow.
"Where does Tom get his ability in French? He's never set foot in a French-speaking country, and he has no French-speaking friends, either. ""I believe he watches a lot of French movies on the Internet."""
All my friends like Tom.
How was Boston?
Tom was undoubtedly the most intelligent student in the entire school, but whenever the teacher asked him a question for which he was not prepared, he was filled with such nervousness that he would become confused, and something utterly incomprehensible would issue from his mouth as soon as he opened it.
All animals are equal.
The store is closed on Sundays.
Whose turn is it to wash the dishes?
I tried not to cry.
You are cold.
She is cold.
What's your favorite animal?
I have eight brothers.
I want to lie down and rest for a while.
The paraglider landed in the tree.
The squirrel is eating pizza.
Do you understand the risks?
Do you like her songs?
How do we get out of this situation?
I am here.
My sister is a nurse.
There were a lot of people on the street.
He was a bit late.
She was a bit late.
I can't find the restaurant.
I can't find the hotel.
It looks good on paper.
I have a jealous husband.
It's a book on animals.
Tom always remembers to say thank you.
I never drink at home.
This is too small.
My father listens to classical music.
I want an apple.
I want to eat the cheese.
Heather believes me.
I will drink the tea.
I will drink the coffee.
I feel like a new man.
This building is new.
The alligator ate the dog.
With pleasure!
Where are the most beautiful sentences?
It is obvious that that is a lie.
Your ex is a psychopath.
They're homosexual.
They're gay.
Am I ready?
They are homosexual.
I, the Preacher, was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
I, too, didn't understand anything.
You will get the right to choose.
The bear is eating an apple.
The dog is eating an apple.
My full name is Ricardo Vernaut Junior.
I got my hair cut today.
She was a middle-aged woman.
I'm degenerating!
She was one of the most beautiful girls.
Mary is the most beautiful girl I know.
Am I pretty?
I think you're interesting.
I think I'm drunk.
They have two cats.
Melanie is eating an apple.
These scissors are new.
Why do rabbits have long ears?
This is an historical moment.
This is a historical moment.
This is an historic moment.
This is a historic moment.
I have the hunger of a wolf.
Melanie is busy right now.
Tatoeba is not a school; it's a university!
Tatoeba is not a school — it is a university!
I'm going to puke.
They lost their dog.
I love bananas.
Raspberries are very expensive.
Tom is awkward.
I have a book.
They skinned him alive.
This is not normal.
I miss you a lot.
I changed my hairstyle.
She opened her lunch box.
Can I sit with you?
What the hell was she thinking?
I have small hands.
I am not a prophet.
What is your favourite colour?
How many times do you have to go to the dentist?
She's unbelievably naive.
Can you recommend a good book?
Do you like mine?
I've been practising karate since I was a child.
I enjoy reading.
I was smoking.
I was playing.
This noise is unbearable.
Break a leg!
Who knows!
We don't give a fuck.
Esperanto is easy to pronounce.
I only work part-time.
What were you and Tom talking about?
He will soon be a father.
I hate fish.
The weather report for tomorrow forecasts 12 degrees Celsius at most.
It is degrading for her.
I'll find another job.
If you don't want to be alone, I can keep you company.
Speak quietly.
I have epilepsy.
She just smiled.
She couldn't afford it.
Could we meet privately?
She has very short hair.
What is the capital of Greece?
I trusted them.
She likes animals.
We know how to swim.
Do you have anything to add?
Do I need to add salt?
You do not know me.
They caught the robbers red-handed.
The boy throws a stone.
She drives an old Yugo.
He likes animals.
That's a typo. Sorry.
I don't like using dildos, I prefer real cocks.
He walks quickly.
What a question!
I have very long hair.
I ate a hamburger.
I don't know who she is.
I like Tatoeba.
Do you want me to say something?
She had a nervous breakdown.
You didn't say the magic word.
It was just an example.
I love shopping for clothes.
He is late.
She is late.
He is stronger than me.
The boy is speaking to his grandfather.
I wonder what's for dinner.
I was bleeding a lot.
Has Tom become crazy?
Has he become crazy?
If I had time, I'd accept his invitation.
I'm not selfish.
Life is too short.
I didn't sleep at all last night.
She offered me a beer.
He offered me a beer.
Thanks for the feedback.
Thanks for the correction.
I am a beginner in Esperanto.
Red is not your colour.
I think my parents know.
I think my mom knows.
I'm bored right now.
I'm no longer hungry.
Fish is an important food source for people.
He died in my arms.
She died in his arms.
I just want to be happy.
That is a fish.
That's a fish.
I couldn't fall asleep because of the noise.
I couldn't fall asleep.
A painting is a wordless poem.
Do you love him?
This sentence seems right to me.
That's what I just said.
Will people make fun of me?
My shoes are too tight.
She says you're cute.
He still writes poems.
I write poems.
There is no easy answer.
His life was in danger.
My life is in danger.
I don't want to go to work.
I will be bald soon.
I don't like either of the two clocks.
Are you good in math?
It makes me sad.
Lisa's room needs to be cleaned again.
Tom speaks perfect French.
Tom was in the right place at the right time.
Tom followed his parents down the street.
Tom told Mary she had a nice smile.
Tom said he wanted to kill himself.
Tom was killed in the explosion.
You should keep your promises.
Tom is much smarter than I am.
Tom crawled out of the window.
Tom waited, but nobody came.
Tom made himself a sandwich.
Tom knows how to play poker.
Tom had a nervous breakdown.
Tom said you stole his car.
Tom is hardly ever at home.
Tom couldn't stop laughing.
Batteries are not included.
We still have a lot to do.
Tom was born in Australia.
Tom wants to come with us.
Tom knows what he's doing.
Tom wants me to help him.
Tom got what he deserved.
Tom got drunk last night.
Tom doesn't wear glasses.
Tom avoided the question.
Are you planning to stay?
Tom didn't see a thing.
I have a part-time job.
Tom lives like a king.
Tom decided not to go.
Tom will regret this.
Tom opened his mouth.
Tom lacks confidence.
I'm not married yet.
Tom will be missed.
Tom never asked me.
Tom hates his life.
Tom comforted Mary.
Tom shook my hand.
Tom studies hard.
Tom stayed home.
Tom liked that.
Tom can't sing.
I hate my computer.
It's a Japanese dog.
Thank you, Jesus.
The power outage was caused by a squirrel.
Tom often eats beans, rice, potatoes or pasta.
Not everyone is honest.
I like this answer.
I speak of a lion.
I lost a lot of blood.
He crossed the river.
Has he got a dog?
She called me.
I was bit by a mosquito.
It's very warm today.
What is your height and weight?
How long did you need to translate the book?
How long did it take you to translate this book?
She looks very sick.
A cool autumn is coming.
I wrote a letter to my teacher.
Who wrote this sentence?
I miss his kisses.
The most beautiful flowers have the sharpest thorns.
I want to sit in the middle.
How do you milk a cow?
Can I give you a hug?
I'm Melanie.
He's eating breakfast in the cafe.
Did you sleep well last night?
The blade of my knife is very sharp.
A banana is yellow.
Today, we're going dancing.
Steal money.
He lost no time.
It is clearly inevitable.
Alternate.
Indeed!
I would like to buy.
They're reading his book.
You're not allowed to leave this room.
You're not supposed to have this key.
Tom lived in Boston for three years.
Tom took a picture of the flowers.
It's a lot easier than I thought.
This is an unexpected surprise.
You'll always be welcome here.
Tom learned French in school.
How often does Tom come here?
Are you allergic to anything?
Tom said you would come.
Tom died in Mary's arms.
Tom looks very sick.
What's this called?
I met my friends.
I usually go to sleep very early.
Don't open your books.
I can help my brother.
Who did he see?
I dream a lot.
Forgive and forget.
What a stupid question!
I was very busy today.
Tom speaks five languages, including Russian.
I want to master Swedish.
He continued singing.
He likes to sing.
He likes singing.
Don't talk rot, Tom.
We have no water.
She doesn't say hello to her neighbours.
I've always wanted to read that book.
She has a good heart.
She moved to Paris in 1906.
I don't like them.
Are you Mary's husband?
He gave some milk to the cat.
I'm not happy about your results. That's what I wanted to tell you.
Thank you with all my heart.
Isn't that what we anticipated?
What are we doing today?
We did everything we could.
He fired Mary.
He likes jazz.
She likes jazz.
Believe what you want.
Let go of my hair.
When are we going to land?
Can't we go with Tom?
C'mon, let's go!
Try harder.
Tom always treats me like a child.
Tom is always joking.
We apologize for the mistake.
The police arrested three men.
Mary loved Tom.
Emily told the truth.
He trusts you.
Emily is crying.
Emily answered the question correctly.
Emily will tell Melanie.
You were scared.
He likes seafood.
She likes seafood.
We like seafood.
We need answers.
He needed money.
She needed money.
They needed money.
She remembers you.
Tom will like it.
You don't use it, do you?
Tom misses his wife.
She has such beautiful eyes.
He is making tea.
Tom is making tea.
It's time to get some sleep.
This question is very simple.
How are you doing? It's been a long time since I've seen you.
She was the queen of the ball.
French is a difficult language.
I have a job interview tomorrow morning.
He had some fun.
She had some fun.
They had some fun.
She hates parties.
She has done this.
She knows Mary.
He likes snow.
She likes snow.
Mary likes snow.
We like snow.
I know why.
He knows why.
She knows why.
He has plans.
Tom has plans.
She has plans.
Mary has plans.
Many scholars are seen as weirdos.
You drink too much.
They drink too much.
Tom loves you all.
Mary knows Tom.
We know Tom.
You helped me.
He helped me.
She helped me.
I like her.
He likes her.
She likes her.
He will do it.
She will do it.
We will do it.
He lied to you.
She lied to you.
He lost his dog.
Tom lost his dog.
Tom quit his job.
May I have a look at it?
She has hope.
Mary has hope.
She will try it.
I gave up.
He said no.
She said no.
Laurie is a true friend.
Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy?
Can I leave him a message?
She never lies.
He found a job.
Tom hates opera.
Mary heard that.
Tom saw a mouse.
He made plans.
Tom made plans.
She made plans.
Mary made plans.
She is drinking tea.
He is drinking tea.
Tom hates spiders.
We hate spiders.
They hate spiders.
She likes beans.
Tom saw it, too.
She saw it, too.
She wanted proof.
He helped us.
She helped us.
Mary helped us.
They helped us.
We will protect you.
Mary is wasting time.
She made breakfast.
She visited Boston.
He abhors violence.
Tom abhors violence.
She respects you.
Mary plays soccer.
Tom believes you.
Tom made mistakes.
I'll have him fix the clock.
She's not like other girls.
Are you happy with your body?
She's not pregnant.
Do you shave every morning?
It's not too late to tell Tom that you love him.
Is Mary your daughter?
Give Tom a second chance.
Go get your helmet.
Is that all we need?
My computer won't start up anymore.
What's in all these boxes?
He has a son.
Tom has a son.
She has a son.
Mary has a son.
He likes girls.
She likes girls.
He saw nothing.
She saw nothing.
Mary saw nothing.
Mary knows her.
We know her.
They know her.
Mary had breakfast.
Nobody called him.
Nobody called Tom.
I hate that so much.
I love Christmas lights.
That's exactly what happened.
What is a Christmas market?
You're part of the problem.
My hair is still wet.
Do not freak out.
He probably knows I like him.
Learning a foreign language requires perseverance.
Tom is looking for someone who speaks French.
I won't be ready.
The police will release the victim's name after they have notified his next of kin.
Tom has nothing.
I know nothing.
Tom knows nothing.
We know nothing.
I have bought a new fire extinguisher.
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.
She heard a noise.
She lost weight.
What did Tom write?
This company is famous for its high-quality production.
That would be ironic, wouldn't it?
Sometimes all we have is our dreams.
I'll talk.
I don't understand the problem.
I need a lot of them.
She missed the train.
She set fire to a tent.
It's going to be fine.
Ah, that's life!
All we can do is wait.
That house is haunted.
They built a snowman together.
No one saw us.
Tom decided to quit smoking.
Why are you so interested?
One of the windows was broken.
Why didn't we think of that before?
I'm a slow learner.
We are both adults.
It's an optical illusion.
The dialing prefix for Bulgaria is +359.
She wants to speak.
I love books.
The carriage of bicycles is permitted.
Get these people out of here.
Where are you taking us?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Emily wrote the sentence.
I went to Sweden.
Get out of there.
Blow out the candles.
Get out of the water.
Together we can do it!
Have you taken your medicine?
Someone's taken my umbrella.
I miss my parents.
I like cats more than dogs.
The peak of Fujiyama was covered with snow.
Not all men are like that.
The salad is very salty.
I'm a fan of Britney Spears.
A lot of soldiers died here.
Actually, I've never seen one.
Are we all here?
Are you afraid of getting hurt?
Did Tom say where?
Did you know Tom had a son?
Did you know Tom was in there?
Did you take a shower?
Do you know who said that?
Do you know who we are?
Do you know why?
Do you think Tom is lying?
Do you think Tom knows what happened?
Do you want to take a break?
How did you get that nickname?
If you wish, I'll ask.
Is there a reward?
Is there a treatment?
Isn't that what you said?
It was there yesterday.
It's going to be close.
It's going to take a while.
It's not going to be that easy.
It's one of mine.
Maybe we'll get lucky.
Men are all the same.
No one can help.
No one has that right.
No one is home.
No one is invulnerable.
No one saw me.
No one will see us.
Someday, we'll know.
Somehow, Tom knew.
That was so awesome.
That will not change.
That would be unreasonable.
That'll be difficult.
That's one of our rules.
That's what we all thought.
This is one of mine.
This is so easy.
This is so exciting.
This is the best one.
Tom is about my age.
Tom was very scared.
What do you think they'll do?
What is all this stuff?
What would you say?
When are you going to come?
Where are they taking you?
Where is Tom buried?
Who are you there with?
Why aren't you taking notes?
Why did Tom lie?
Why do you think it happened?
Women are all the same.
You're going to be a father.
It's good, but it's not perfect.
I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. I don't feel like participating in this discussion.
She introduced her sister to me.
She introduced his sister to me.
Are you a teacher?
Classical music soothes me.
He enjoys reading scientific articles.
Where did I put my reading glasses?
They have to drink water.
There are theatres, museums, libraries and parks in that city.
Hippos live in Africa.
Hippopotamuses live in Africa.
Is that your goal?
The ice caps are melting.
I hate maths.
I bought a cactus.
I live in Hungary.
That'll cost thirty euros.
I miss this place.
I have a boring job.
You got what you wanted.
Why are you bleeding?
How old was he?
How old was she?
I'll pay for you.
Don't erase the sample sentence.
Where's the kitchen?
Cats are smart.
I used to play here as a child.
Mary sent Tom a selfie.
Did you find a job?
She must have seen us.
What's the difference between faith and trust?
She can play the guitar.
I'm a little late.
You're the same age as my son.
Tom lost his favorite toy.
Millions of people across the world are mourning the death of Nelson Mandela.
I am not your daughter.
I think it is a very interesting question.
I think it's a very interesting question.
Women are not objects.
I'm sorry, but the answer is no.
Can I go first?
I teach geography.
Mary is two months pregnant.
Freedom is useless unless you use it.
I don't believe that's the truth.
How many hours did you work this week?
How many survivors were there?
How much did it cost?
How much did you pay?
How much did you win?
I have no prejudice.
He has a big heart.
This sentence is sad.
This sentence is boring.
This sentence is too short.
She thinks it's a waste of time.
It's a good school.
Can we go somewhere and talk?
He is a simple man.
This road is very narrow.
More is not always better.
I had to get my tattoo removed.
I hate guys like that.
I want to join you.
France has a higher birthrate than most of Europe.
No one cares about me.
Fairies exist only in fairy tales.
Who ordered pizza?
Who's the pizza for?
Tomorrow's a new day.
You are the woman of my dreams.
I study mathematics.
He gave his seat to the old man.
I read his book.
In Japan, it's three in the morning now.
This has never happened before.
Emily and Melanie are English.
I wonder if Tom still remembers me.
Tom put on some clothes.
I fell in love with a girl from Vienna.
She opens the door.
It's normal to make mistakes.
I'd like to drink a cup of tea.
Avocados are rich in vitamin E.
He hit me twice.
Brainwashing works!
Some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing.
The cat loves playing in the garden.
The wine was excellent.
Why don't you put on some clothes?
We're very proud of you.
Hey, handsome.
He touched her hair.
I would die for you.
You're the woman of my dreams.
Mary is blonde.
Does Tom understand French?
Tom had to bite the bullet.
Tom's useless.
I like them both.
He is not at home.
My baby wants to talk.
I was crying.
I don't like snow.
It's time to go back home.
I destroyed all the evidence.
Bacteria are invisible to the naked eye.
She is at the office.
He was visibly bothered.
Mount Etna has erupted, sending lava and ash plumes into the Sicilian sky.
I'm totally drunk.
I need a cigarette.
You hypocrite!
School is over at 3:30.
I don't dream.
This sentence sounds natural, but it's not grammatically correct.
We don't have a daughter.
They used that table.
Tom scored a goal!
Little fish are swimming in the aquarium.
He has curly hair.
I want the biggest cake.
They won't find it.
Who sent you here?
There's a bomb on board!
I'll have my revenge.
I like the way you speak.
That is the duty of the police.
He is addicted to Farmville.
What's the minimum salary in Sweden?
What's the minimum salary in the United States?
What's the minimum salary in the Czech Republic?
What's the minimum salary in Syria?
What's the minimum salary in Pakistan?
Where is the Syrian embassy?
Why do so many people suffer from low self-esteem?
He seemed very nice.
What a clever dog!
Tom is a very wealthy man.
She threatened to kill me.
The zoo was closed on Christmas day.
He's not German, but Austrian.
She trembled like a leaf.
Brazil is a huge country.
Lions are colorblind.
She was shot in her sleep.
Did she have any enemies?
What's the minimum wage in Australia?
Today's not Christmas!
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
I am free tonight.
I wish it were tomorrow already.
I can't believe he's dead!
He's not as innocent as he seems.
We trusted each other.
He fell and hit his head on a rock.
Why is she your friend?
We all have our flaws.
Tom wanted to be famous.
Fear is the absence of trust.
Okay, I lied.
This is from Spain.
This is from Australia.
I'm traveling by myself.
The roses smell nice.
I didn't understand your question.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking failed.
They are not sisters.
Why is my Internet connection so slow?
He got a new CD player yesterday.
It's already time to go to sleep.
His popularity is waning.
A little rest would do us a lot of good.
Are those guys your friends?
Are you attempting to bribe me?
Are you going to stay in bed all day?
Are you in Boston?
Aren't you hot?
Chill out.
Do you know how this works?
Do you know that song?
Do you still play golf?
I have something I have to tell you.
I saw Tom entering that restaurant.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go out after dark.
I want to stay home and read a book.
I was the one who said we should wait.
Is lunch ready?
Is Tom learning French?
Is Tom swimming?
Isn't that what I just said?
Some food is pretty bland without salt.
Some people don't eat meat.
We can't afford this.
We should probably go.
We're all proud of you.
We're aware of the situation.
We're not terrorists.
We're proud of you.
We've already eliminated half the possibilities.
What a hassle!
What kind of music do you like?
What's this book about?
You can trust me.
You should go home.
You're an inspiration to us all.
You've brightened my day.
Why are you so clumsy?
Tom abandoned his family.
Tom abandoned the idea.
Tom accepted the job.
Tom accumulated a large fortune.
Tom almost never speaks French.
Tom also speaks French.
Tom and I are about the same age.
Tom arrived late as usual.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's telephone number.
Tom asked me who was responsible for the accident.
Tom became a Catholic.
Tom broke my heart.
Tom called me a coward.
Tom can be relied on.
Tom can play the flute.
Tom comes from Australia.
Tom could no longer control himself.
Tom could speak French.
Tom couldn't find a job.
Tom didn't answer the phone.
Tom doesn't like carrots.
Tom has nothing to do with it.
Tom is probably in the building.
Tom rarely speaks French.
Tom said that he was going to be late.
Tom saw something on the ground.
Tom signed the document.
Tom swims every other day.
Tom will be back soon.
Tom will be disappointed if you don't go to his party.
Tom's French is improving.
Tom's name is on the envelope.
Tom's name was on the box.
I have no regrets for what I've done.
What if something went wrong?
Party time!
I told him what you did.
I love animals.
Tom has lived here since 2003.
I know a lot of good restaurants.
Tom died at the age of ninety-nine.
Does your wife know?
Tom wants to stay.
I hope nobody got hurt.
I always wanted a tree house.
Tom gave up smoking.
Tom was skiing.
I prefer to not talk about it.
She must be his girlfriend.
Do you like my new clothes?
She's obsessed with books.
She deserves better.
He deserves better.
Support Tatoeba!
I love being right.
Who's the photographer?
Tom is a very private man.
We know little about her personal life.
Tatoeba is so fast! I can't believe it!
I found the money.
Dublin is the capital of Ireland.
That's the ugliest snowman I've ever seen.
Dublin is in Ireland.
Have you already eaten?
Tehran is in Iran.
I hope you get better soon.
I don't speak Arabic very well.
I drank coffee.
The water is clean.
The coffee is hot.
The coffee is very hot.
I know these people.
Thank you, Einstein.
I've been evicted.
Your mother loves me.
The flower is red.
The boy is not tall.
Do you like the taste of beer?
We got dressed.
We washed our hands.
Elephant tusks are made out of ivory.
Sites like Google or Facebook record everything that you write and don't respect your privacy.
The squirrel climbed the tree.
We must learn to work together.
We have been here for three days.
Solitude is the school of wisdom.
The man is tall.
Marie has grown.
Women are not a minority.
Hand me a towel.
I must admit that I've never heard of it.
Is the bridge safe?
Is everything satisfactory?
Arabic is a simple language.
Tom tried to talk to us in French.
Tom wants to come to our party.
That hat looks good on you.
My daughter's driving me crazy.
Are these your daughters?
I hope this works.
What would you have done in my place?
Go back to sleep.
Do you play golf?
That's a wise choice.
Have you seen Tom recently?
Have you seen Tom lately?
Who taught you how to do this?
They were jealous.
Tom is not jealous.
We've made it to Berlin, onwards to New York.
We can't find Tom.
I'm looking for somebody.
Give me your knife.
Nobody wants to be hated.
I live in northern Sweden.
I want to live in Tampa.
Nobody saw anything.
Someone said Tom is looking for us.
This argument is pure rhetoric.
Go and apologize to Tom.
How much does your daughter weigh?
I liked that book.
I loved that book.
Tom is sitting on the sofa, reading a magazine.
I don't believe a word you say.
Your house is very modern.
I thought you didn't want to talk to us.
I liked it a lot.
Don't touch anything without asking first.
The best way to have a friend is to be a friend.
I have nice hair.
I'm very modest.
We're looking for Tom.
This is my decision.
Here is Tatoeba.
You can't change the past.
Why are you looking at me that way?
I think we have a lot in common.
Where is Poland?
I didn't understand the question.
I don't believe this story.
I decided to tell her the truth.
I've said I'm sorry.
That's one of my favorite movies.
He always looked happy, but never was.
It's been a long week.
You heard what your father said.
I hate liars.
I have everything I need.
This is the beginning of a new era.
I'm not a drunk.
I am rich.
Let me try again.
I also need to improve my English.
It's not a dog.
Tom is eating.
I didn't write this letter.
I'm eating cheese.
I don't know whether Tom still lives here or not.
Everyone else has gone home for the night.
She was already pregnant.
Why, of course, the people don't want war. Why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece? Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia nor in England nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a Parliament or a Communist dictatorship. [...] Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.
I have eaten enough.
You have to believe me. I'm innocent!
I think my boyfriend is cheating on me.
Sometimes it's necessary to tell the truth.
Pasta heated up again is never any good.
I've just arrived at the station.
You speak quickly.
This is Copacabana!
They aren't hungry.
I've decided to stop wearing underwear.
It's a difficult language.
There are a lot of horses in my neighbourhood.
I don't know where you live.
Her husband is rich.
His husband is rich.
They don't like cats.
Where does Marika live now?
Tom sings beautifully.
I want to stay for several days.
You make my day so much brighter.
Who do you know in Boston?
What's the weather like in Boston?
We live in Boston.
Was Tom telling the truth?
Tom was lonely.
Tom knows where I am.
Tom is still in shock.
Tom is in Boston now.
Tom is being very cooperative.
Tom is always doing that.
Tom is afraid of you.
Tom has been very generous.
Tom has been in prison.
Tom doesn't trust us.
Tom doesn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom came to Boston when he was thirteen years old.
I'd like to get away from Boston for a few days.
I worked in Boston for three years.
I saw Tom naked.
I moved to Boston last spring.
Have you spoken to Tom?
Do you like Boston?
Are you from Boston?
Mary's husband is rich.
What beautiful teeth you have!
There's no reason to be afraid.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
He will come later.
He knows my wife.
She knows my wife.
You're in the right place.
There were at least 100 people present.
That's where I live.
Everything is perfect because you exist.
Are you sleepy, honey?
We need to take that bus.
I saw the cook.
What did you say? I'm sorry, I was lost in thought.
Tom went to the museum with Mary.
I am older than you.
No one is saying that.
The war is over.
What colour is his hair?
Where is the source of this river?
I love to wear sport clothes.
If you shave your hair, it will grow back thicker.
Wait.
Winter is my favourite season.
This is an apple tree.
This fish is delicious.
The car is yellow.
You deserve a prize.
Tom has to be stopped.
We have a son who's just turned three.
He never cared much for me.
The test was easy.
It's raining cats and dogs here.
She will not be ready.
This woman is a doctor.
I lost a bet.
I have a red car.
This place is fantastic.
Oslo is the largest city in Norway with a population of 629,313.
He is teaching me.
We be of one blood, thou and I.
The girls all made fun of him.
Bring me the flute.
Are you telling the truth?
"Where is Tom? ""I don't know. Maybe he's dead."""
I hate him, but I don't know why.
I hate myself sometimes.
I love Mary.
The cat is sitting on the table.
You can't translate without interpreting.
Tom couldn't find his passport.
I was denied access to his land.
You are a very patient teacher.
They know him.
Many people do this.
It's so much fun to speak so many languages.
I think that's too expensive.
Tom was dying of thirst.
Those pants are much too long. They almost touch the ground.
Are you telling me the truth?
This is not a threat.
Today it is cold.
I love this album.
I go shopping every morning.
I have a friend in Spain who speaks five languages.
Sleeping is for the weak.
The tree is sick.
Palm oil is destroying the rainforest.
Nobody understands you.
Everyone likes them.
Respond.
"I like reading the ""La Ondo de Esperanto"" magazine."
The rent is far too high.
Where is your jacket?
Marie wasn't thirsty.
People worry a lot more about the eternity after their deaths than the eternity that happened before they were born. But it’s the same amount of infinity, rolling out in all directions from where we stand.
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.
Happy International Women's Day!
This is a green apple.
This is an apple.
I've deleted my comment.
This apple is not red.
I was seething with rage.
He gave him the book.
This is our first lesson.
Are there any bananas?
Stand up and introduce yourself, please.
Meat should not be eaten raw.
She left the last page blank.
The project requires a great deal of money.
Apology accepted.
Tom's cooking breakfast.
I added your name to the list.
Tom shouldn't have let Mary drive.
Tom was the one who turned on the lights.
I hope this is the right one.
The twelve signs of the Zodiac are: Aries, Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius and Pisces.
Can Tom see us?
Tom broke his nose.
He tried to help.
She has twenty children.
Tom wants to come.
Tom shaved off his mustache.
Melanie killed a spider with her hand.
My computer is very slow.
Violence will not be tolerated.
The gentleman is a Canadian economist.
Tom knows what you did.
Dinner will be ready in about fifteen minutes.
You were tired.
Tom comes from a good family.
What did you see in the kitchen?
What do you grow on your farm?
Why are you scared?
Tom's squirrel has a fluffy tail.
You don't need to worry anymore.
I don't have enough money to buy a new bicycle.
The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed.
I hear the noise.
I did what Tom told me to do.
Tom thinks that it's going to rain.
I feel depressed.
Tom asked me to marry him.
Why are you doing that, Tom?
There are lives at stake.
He must pay for his crimes.
You have to answer his letter.
He's stark naked.
He had huge mood swings.
She had huge mood swings.
Did I understand that correctly?
You need to work on saving your marriage.
Can I touch your beard?
We all make mistakes, right?
We make decisions together.
Are there enough chairs?
He burped.
Tom's a threat.
I broke a rib falling.
Why not ask Tom?
I'm starting to lose my patience.
The Brandenburg Gate is one of the most famous landmarks in Germany.
What kind of music do you listen to?
I am baffled.
It was not a coincidence.
Do you read Tom's blog?
Do you do this every day?
Luke has short hair.
Jason has brown eyes.
She hasn't translated the sentences in French.
Excuse me, where's the toilet?
Please stop laughing.
Do you like me?
Do you like dogs?
Do you like my shoes?
Do you like football?
It's not like you think.
Tom likes country music.
This story doesn't have a happy ending.
Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants.
Tom never apologized.
Today is a very special day.
I teach him English.
I'm cooking.
Tom's French has improved since he moved to France.
There is an elegant solution.
A billion adults are illiterate.
I killed the mice.
I took a shower.
She almost convinced me.
She's a woman.
I eat pasta.
I'm eating pasta.
I am eating pasta.
That's a very good suggestion.
We're writing.
Learning a foreign language requires patience.
We have common interests.
Let's wait until it stops raining.
Is it true that Tom changed his name?
I accept your offer.
I must convince her.
I forgot my scarf.
She is a dreamer.
That should not have happened.
What happens if we fail?
What happened to your car?
Many people are waiting to get rich through the study of artificial intelligence. Instead, I get rich through natural stupidity.
Why were you holding his hand?
That's how we do things.
This is exactly where it happened.
This wasn't supposed to happen.
It happened on Halloween night.
Did something happen to Tom?
Something very strange is happening here.
I'm drinking milk.
The milk is sour.
I've found a job.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
There's also a yellow one.
He always believes me.
Dickens was a very prolific writer.
This squirrel is hibernating.
Stop stealing my sentences.
Why do you like Boston so much?
She thinks her job is pointless.
Where did Tom go yesterday?
The horse is black.
Tom's wife is also a scientist.
Do you eat fish?
Black suits you.
I hate this school.
The world has five oceans.
Have you finished reading that book?
I want to drink tea.
Tom couldn't answer my questions.
It's a simple question.
Is that a trick question?
Are you questioning my integrity?
The horse is not white.
She's a doctor.
We're doctors.
They're doctors.
Get down from that tree!
You're free to go.
He is not wrong.
His book is red.
I hate mosquitoes, but they seem to love me.
God is great.
She had a beautiful smile.
He tried.
That store had to reduce their prices.
We're going back to Boston.
He was born in Rome.
How many languages are spoken on Earth?
They had nausea.
We don't have a lot of money, but we have enough to buy what we absolutely need.
Tom said he would buy it.
That's the reason I bought this book.
Did Tom believe it?
I need to buy some new clothes.
I agreed to buy it.
Are you still buying lottery tickets?
You gave me your word.
What did Tom give you for Christmas?
We'll give you a call.
Give me your hand.
Give me thirty seconds.
Give me the money.
Give me the car keys.
Give me my money.
Give me a day or two.
Do you want to give it a try?
Do you give lessons?
The tower is fifteen metres high.
The tower is fifteen metres tall.
It is a bird.
I ride a bike to work.
Have you given Tom the key?
It's forbidden to smoke at school.
Protect me!
You ate my sandwich.
Where are we eating tonight?
We ate the pizza.
My dog ate it.
I don't want to eat with Tom.
I could eat a horse.
Did you eat all the bread?
I went to the bank.
The girls work.
Pua is going to sing at church.
Put the box down.
Put a sock in it.
Put that knife away.
Tom put too much sugar in my coffee.
I don't like the way she speaks to me.
I drank tea yesterday.
Tom drank my apple juice.
Tom drank straight from the bottle.
Do you want to try?
Tom and his squirrel were buried together.
Can I eat in my room?
It's hard to describe.
Tom really needs our help.
Tom needs help now.
Tom has a beard.
I like your beard.
Tom withdrew some money from his bank account.
Is what you told me secret?
Mary was my friend.
The birds are red.
This isn't one of my books.
Is Tom one of your friends?
We were in four.
Which one's the new one?
I saw one.
Is that why you're upset?
Tom wondered if it was true.
She has fake eyelashes.
Why's that red light blinking?
What's this green stuff?
What's that red stuff?
Tom is wearing a black hat.
Tom has green eyes.
Tom has a black dog.
The light turned green.
The light is green.
Take two of these red pills.
Mary was wearing a red and white dress.
I like that purple shirt.
Are my ears red?
We took a cab.
We should get married.
Tom, I'm home.
Tom won't know.
Tom was brave.
Tom seems tired.
Tom lost weight.
Tom lost his French textbook.
Tom looked sad.
Tom let us go.
Tom isn't rude.
Tom is not here.
Tom is chubby.
Tom has ambition.
Tom gave me a very nice Christmas present.
Tom found out our secret.
Tom drank milk.
Tom donated a lot of money to us.
Tom doesn't mince words.
Tom doesn't help me.
Tom can't ski.
Listen up.
I forgot to ask Tom.
How is Tom?
Fix this.
Do what I say.
Did Tom vote?
Can I go, too?
Are you illiterate?
Are you honest?
Are you courageous?
Tom taught himself French.
Tom speaks French very fluently.
Why is French so difficult?
I'm reading my book.
Is love more important than friendship?
We've got to keep moving.
Tom kept on crying.
May I try it?
Millie is eating an apple.
He lives in England.
Does she have a new computer?
Tom is very mean.
Were you born here?
He drove me home.
Are you still living with your parents?
I hate milk.
Where is your mother?
Ukraine is a big country.
Tom slept all day.
Tom is already sleeping.
You must tell us.
You need to stay awake.
We must wait here.
We have to wait here.
We must talk.
It has to be there.
I was probably dreaming.
Today is not so cold.
Can we talk here?
We've got to talk.
We talked about it.
Go and talk to Tom.
Maybe we should talk.
Why can't we talk now?
Stop talking like that.
We need to talk about this.
We can talk about it later.
We talk about it all the time.
Tom never talks about his family.
Tom couldn't speak.
Tom speaks too fast.
This is your pilot speaking.
This is your captain speaking.
They all speak French.
I think Tom is old.
I think Tom is drunk.
I think Tom hates me.
I think Tom is impolite.
I think I won't go to work today.
I love you anyway.
Where is the beach?
I think I have an idea.
I think Tom is untrustworthy.
I think Tom is in love with me.
Stay out of it.
Tom was sick last week.
Is it all paid for?
How did Tom pay the rent?
Who's going to pay for this?
Who's going to pay for all this?
He heard a noise.
I live and work here.
I love butterflies.
The plants are growing.
He is awesome.
The book isn't new.
I want to live in Brazil.
Do you hate me?
Your cat is black.
Like it or not.
This is a bad sign.
Is that all you want to know?
I don't know where Mary lives.
This is so good.
I don't like cheese.
I liked your speech.
Tom is having lunch.
I had lunch with Tom.
I ate lunch in the cafeteria.
Feed me.
Tell us what to do.
Tell Tom I'm sorry.
Tell me where the wine is.
Tom told me he was innocent.
Why weren't we told the truth?
Tom tried to tell me something.
We interrupt this program for an urgent message.
Tell Tom we're waiting for him.
Thanks for telling me the truth.
He was hungry.
You've never told me that before.
Why didn't you just tell the truth?
Tom told me I shouldn't swim there.
I told you I didn't want any coffee.
My girlfriend is Chinese.
She attacked the enemy.
I watched the movie.
I like your optimism.
We are not rich.
This argument is unassailable.
This argument is irrefutable.
Swedish is easy.
They're in the garden.
Mary got dressed.
She admitted that she knew the secret.
Victory seemed within easy reach.
You will be hungry.
We don't have to do this.
My opinion differs from hers.
He looked wise.
It's a social problem.
Jørgen is learning Greek.
She has a small house.
He doesn't even know my name.
Is that so much to ask?
This woman is a prostitute.
Keep practicing, Tom.
Why would she say no?
I'll see him tomorrow at school.
I'll see her tomorrow at school.
I'm not a young man anymore.
No, vegetarians don't eat chicken or fish.
Are you still afraid?
There were no knives.
I can read.
I'm Spanish.
It would be stupid to say no.
I think that's a stupid idea.
That was a pretty stupid thing to do.
Mary has a pure heart.
There's nothing left for me here.
This squirrel is allergic to nuts.
Tom is allergic to eggs.
Tom is allergic to soya.
Tom is allergic to dust.
Tom ate a Greek salad.
This school has a zero tolerance policy.
Pink is for girls.
Pink is not just for girls.
I have all the time in the world.
Boys don't like girls who talk too much.
Looks are everything.
Looks are not everything.
You shouldn't call her that.
The only thing she cares about is herself.
Tom was sitting at a nearby table.
Everyone is very proud of you.
I just want to be perfect.
What's the difference between microbes and bacteria?
You're shallow and materialistic.
I need to lose some weight.
I knew you had a girlfriend!
Tatoeba is more popular than ever.
She is a really nice person.
Prepare to die!
I'm not dangerous.
This is a dangerous mission.
This intersection is dangerous.
Tom must be aware of the danger.
It's my duty to protect you from danger.
Tom eats cat food.
Tom is rather optimistic.
Mistakes were made.
The time for talking is over.
My mom told me that I was fat.
She reads a great deal.
Tom ruined my life.
She prayed.
Why does the moon shine at night?
They talk very fast.
She could be French.
She might be French.
Get out of here and don't ever come back!
You should follow Tom's example.
We'll be hungry.
You've got to pay attention.
A spark of hope was shining in his eyes.
What would you say to a cup of tea? That is, if you're not too busy.
She slipped.
Where did I put my keys?
Anyone taller than a mile must leave the court immediately.
Could I do it?
Oh yes, that's right.
I still haven't paid Tom.
I don't trust the television.
You're not safe here.
The scars are barely visible.
I can't take my eyes off him.
It's not on the menu.
Do you remember the first time you kissed me?
Are you his mother?
I should do something.
We saved the best for last.
Why do you hate me so much?
Maybe you can't hear me.
We can't go back there.
Are we safe here?
The plant is blue.
I think my girlfriend is cheating on me.
Life is impossible without the sun.
He speaks too much.
I would have said the same thing.
I thought Tom was at school.
I don't think his story is true.
I love her anyway.
I was born in Israel.
This is a difficult question.
She is unsociable.
I did not betray you.
"The translation of Tokyo is ""the Eastern capital""."
The truth isn't always welcome!
Not another word!
I'm just an average girl.
I had a dream, which was not all a dream.
Her long blond hair blew in the wind.
Stop changing the subject.
I'll do the dishes.
The older children helped the younger ones.
Who baked this cake?
Do you want to do something after school today?
It's because you're a girl.
I have no idea where she is now.
Three baguettes, please.
Is the customer always right?
I like people who use language beautifully.
Where is Cornwall?
Do you prefer an apple or a pear?
Fruits come from flowers.
God is everywhere.
I've got someone with me.
I'd like to have my hair trimmed.
I can't sell you that.
Mind you don't slip on the wet tiles.
I wouldn't mind a beer right now.
Laurent Weber is the archbishop of Portland.
I like bread.
Why is everyone crying?
Can you smell it?
Tom's signature is illegible.
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?
We already know.
They have enough money.
I didn't know that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
My throat hurts.
The room is quite small.
The room is too small.
The shower doesn't work.
There is no hot water.
Today is Tuesday.
We don't have a reservation.
What on earth is that?
There's no future in time travel.
Nothing happens without God's knowledge.
At that time, we were young and strong.
This couch is very comfortable.
Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris dates from the Middle Ages.
I don't have a knife.
How much does this umbrella cost?
Thank God, it is finally raining.
She left.
I am looking for a job near my house.
Once is not enough.
France is separated from Italy by the Alps.
He earns a lot of money.
At the crossroads, turn left.
He left.
My father was an engineer.
Speak more slowly, please.
He misses his father.
She misses her father.
He likes me.
I am dead tired.
His name is Michael.
It's very cloudy. I think it's going to rain.
Here is my phone number.
Nevertheless, I want to see her.
Park the car in the shade.
They came last week.
What are you complaining about?
Her complaints never cease.
They rejected our idea.
Answer my letter or I will not write to you anymore.
My glass is dirty.
He didn't understand me.
I signed the check.
He calls me often.
I've never heard such a thing.
The restrooms are downstairs.
Your cough worries me.
I haven't finished my work.
I have a headache this morning.
He arrived very early this morning.
The villages in the Alps are very picturesque.
Almost all of my neighbors are nice.
Your brother's soccer team won the game and is celebrating right now.
The server is down again.
I'm from Paris, France.
I haven't told Tom anything.
Why don't we talk in your office?
Would you like to come with us?
This is my new car.
What's the new guy's name?
I've got a brand new bike.
Are you the new assistant?
Tom is working on a new plan.
Tom is looking for a new job.
Maybe I need a new assistant.
That was a new experience for me.
What do you think of that new restaurant?
I speak Russian.
Tom wears glasses.
It wasn't ours.
They were angry.
Am I the only one?
"How do you say ""hello"" in French?"
I am still young.
Tom's a friend of his.
He never brushes his teeth.
They brush their teeth twice a day.
It's no longer available.
Where did you put your key?
This laptop belongs to me.
They're not following me.
They never see us.
They can add something if they wish.
There's no more butter in the fridge.
The girls fainted.
She has four of them.
She fainted.
She calmed down.
It's a complicated subject.
I remember her.
I have nothing much in common with him.
He is Canadian.
He doesn't like eggs.
Do they like wine?
Are we starting soon?
He came across a wolf.
Tom draws well.
I have failed miserably.
Can we speak French?
They were tortured.
We've already wasted enough time.
It would only be a waste of time.
I'd rather not waste my time trying to learn a language that I don't need to know.
Is it better than the original?
We have potassium in our bodies.
You died.
I don't like her hat.
Have you seen my wife? Have you seen Mary?
She is as guilty as he is.
Never forget who you are!
Can I go to bed now?
My daughter would never do that.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Let's build something.
I've got nothing to do.
Tom did nothing illegal.
Does Tom want something?
That's better than nothing.
We've got nothing in common.
There's nothing we can't do.
We need to talk about something.
They didn't offer me anything to drink.
He is a dreamer.
Tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie.
She has two daughters.
The woman eats bread.
Speak with me.
I should have done it by myself.
I should've done it by myself.
I don't eat pork.
Tom will arrive in Boston tomorrow morning.
I was in hospital for a week.
What's the minimum salary in Namibia?
Namibia is an African state.
The crisis directly affected our country.
Where is Namibia?
I need to sleep now.
He has a heated swimming pool.
You're right, I think.
Did you already do that?
I don't have a wife.
I don't like anything here.
She has a cat and two dogs.
He is often late for school on Mondays.
She often comes late.
She abandoned her hope of becoming a doctor.
Do you have eggs?
This squirrel is shy.
This squirrel is not shy.
I need cigarettes.
The big tree isn't green.
No ship is unsinkable.
Hey, Tom, can I ask you something?
I'd like to say a few words.
Do you believe in angels?
She's very tall.
He didn't do it.
Is he still single?
Your lips are blue.
She never married.
I'm glad you came today.
Tom washed himself.
I drink milk.
The sand was warm.
He was ready.
Everything has to be perfect.
I'll send you a picture.
Tom called me fat.
Tom's fat, isn't he?
Tom is short and fat.
I hate it when I have to sit between two fat guys on a plane.
Tom's gotten fatter since the last time I saw him.
Tom is much fatter than Mary.
I have a Japanese car.
They are not talking.
We've got to find Tom.
We've been friends a long time.
We've been here for three hours.
We've waited a long time for this day.
We've decided to adopt a child.
We're going to do it again.
We're not speaking.
We're still waiting for Tom.
We're at home today.
We're looking for a friend of ours.
We're having lunch.
We're at home.
We're on the right floor.
We're doomed.
We're in good condition.
We're trying to find an antidote.
We're lucky to still be alive.
We'll meet again someday.
We'll see who has the last laugh.
We have to take the risk.
We did that yesterday.
We can still win.
We went for a walk.
We tried to stop them.
We can't afford that.
We can order a pizza.
We don't have long.
We can't afford it.
We can try it.
We don't know what it is.
We had a lot to celebrate.
He's eating.
He's not eating.
They're at home.
Tom has a big nose.
It was all a big lie.
Those are too big.
For the millionth time, I'm sorry.
Japan is hot and humid in the summer.
These flowers bloom in the spring.
Birch trees have white bark.
What music do you like?
I like honey.
I am a professional photographer.
I am Tom.
They are wrong.
They accused each other.
I know you don't like him.
I know you don't like her.
He even wrote me poems.
We solved that problem in a week.
What are you snickering about?
I have an orange and an apple.
Mary wants to become famous.
I hate everything!
That was a very sad story.
Tom asked Mary to go out to have dinner with him.
What was her reaction?
The village was silent.
Computers have no family.
Did Tom find it?
What do I know?
Have a good day.
Get me a lawyer.
Can I see this?
Can I drive, please?
Can I be of help?
Can I close the door?
Can you make me a copy?
I was the same age as you.
Can we forget about that?
Who does she think she is?
Be quiet and get back in the car.
This government is corrupt.
I think it's a bad idea.
Can we talk about this tomorrow?
Why is this song so sad?
I've always hated him.
I'm not young.
I'm not wealthy.
I'm not unhappy.
I'm not ugly.
I can't live without Tom.
I didn't see Tom.
I'm not strong.
I hope Tom's right.
I'm not rich.
I'm not poor.
I'm not very patient.
I'm not patient.
I'm not overweight.
I'm not obese.
I have news.
I'm not good-looking.
I'm not lazy.
I know that Tom knows.
I don't want Tom to see it.
I gave Tom a hug.
I think Tom knows why I'm here.
I hate dogs.
I'm not creative.
I've never heard Tom complain.
I'm chubby.
I'm bald.
You know I'm wrong.
You've got a visitor.
You should read this.
You can't use this.
You taught me that.
You're still my son.
You know the rules.
You made a promise.
You've got a problem.
You did your part.
You can look now.
You can't go now.
You can't say no.
You may be needed.
You're too naive.
You read too much.
You know who I mean.
You may quote me.
You know why I left.
You're just a kid.
You'll find a job.
You've got to go home.
You've got to hide.
You knew I was here.
You guys wait here.
You just need help.
You've got my helmet.
You are free to go.
You have work to do.
You had a long day.
You made Tom cry.
You look like a cop.
You can't kill us both.
You did your best.
You owe me a beer.
You know where I'll be.
You broke your arm.
It'll be all right.
Many young girls like that singer.
He has a sky-blue pullover.
Have you sold it yet?
Have you seen my wife?
It's all I want.
Are you sure you're OK?
Do it right now.
It's all I need.
Are you here to see me?
Tom's very lazy.
Tom was jealous.
Are you going to do it?
Is it worth it?
That's not a good idea.
Tom wants a beer.
My wife is Swedish.
She is still full of energy.
Know thyself!
It is marvelous.
I love them.
She called her sister.
She's happy.
I'm Ricardo.
We have to think about our children and our grandchildren.
Tom'll be ready.
My friends are all married.
Tom married a much younger woman.
He wants to marry me.
You tore your pants.
You'd be a great mother.
You've gone too far.
You've made your choice.
You can take a break.
You lost an earring.
She's a natural beauty.
There was no one on the beach.
What's the horse's name?
What's your horse's name?
I should have lied, but I told him the truth.
I should have lied, but I told her the truth.
It's Mother's Day today.
I was just about to go to bed.
It's one of the oldest buildings in Boston.
All or nothing.
Do you want me to drive?
A dialect is a specific form of a language, spoken in a certain region.
I want to make a good first impression.
Marriage changes people.
For someone who's supposed to be an expert, you don't seem to know much.
Italian cuisine is popular around the world.
Can someone check this?
I'm the youngest child.
The new furniture arrived today.
This is a hectoliter of wine.
We can't start today.
A smart dog never barks for no reason.
It's getting worse and worse.
This is all that's left.
The idea is not new.
I'm a translator. I translate books.
You're not going to die.
I think Tom likes his job.
Guess who I saw today.
Tom has a broken rib.
The dog is red.
Go back to your work.
Arabic isn't complicated.
Are you guys OK?
You said I was beautiful.
You don't have to thank us.
You three are under arrest.
You've asked me that three times already.
The meaning of the sentences changes when you change the punctuation.
Look what I found.
You have a lot of work to do.
You'll have to come with us.
Tom walks quickly.
Tom was cheating.
Did Tom see that?
Tom isn't strong.
Tom isn't sneaky.
I like to experiment.
What's the minimum wage in Germany?
Good luck. You'll need it.
I am waiting.
What's the name of your dog?
The friends often talked about partnership problems.
I rarely talk on the phone.
Thank you for your efforts.
Did I wake Tom up?
We're not dating.
I have to be here.
Come and see this.
Tom, why are you doing this?
This is just water.
My hair is naturally curly.
Who's Tom and how does he know me?
The pharmacy isn't far from the hospital.
Why are you doing this?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
We apologise in advance.
Everything has a price.
Bravo!
I know that you love Tom.
Go figure.
I have a lorry.
Do you mind if I sleep here?
Do you mind if I sleep here tonight?
I'll sleep on the floor.
The blood was still wet.
I wonder what Tom would do in a situation like this.
Have a nice day, Tom.
I thought Tom was still at home.
That's not very original.
Do you believe in the power of love?
Try to act natural.
You're on the wrong road.
I'm fine, thanks for asking!
The whole world loves Brazil.
She is intelligent.
That's our fault.
I have a wife.
It's all mine.
I have a husband.
I hate beans.
Does that surprise you?
I'm not a vegetarian.
Is that a bad thing?
I'm still not sure.
I have a solution.
You have a nice smile.
Everything seemed OK.
It's up to us to do it.
Does she have a big nose?
My door is always open.
That's no exaggeration.
Does Tom believe in God?
There was a huge explosion.
What color is your car?
What is Ido?
My sister is a teacher.
I often drink tea.
I ate apples.
I sell flowers.
I buy flowers.
I drink tea, too.
I do not know.
She is sick.
Do you drink tea?
He is always online.
He is on the Internet.
I haven't yet finished my homework.
I'm exaggerating.
There are five people in our family.
There's nobody at the door.
What effect will that have?
I've got some work to do.
You know it as well as I do.
Whose fault is that?
Where did you find my umbrella?
Tom has a wonderful voice.
Tell Tom I'll be back.
The future has many names.
Courage, my friends!
I don't know them at all.
Smoking shortens your life.
I hate horror films.
Do I have to do that?
How could God do that to us?
I want to stay a few days.
Marcel Kittel has won the first stage of the Tour de France.
He never wears a tie.
Oh, sorry.
Did you ask Tom why?
How did you answer Tom?
What was Tom's last name?
Do you know where Tom is going?
Maybe I need a lawyer.
Did we wake you up?
Tom usually drinks coffee without sugar.
What rhymes with Tatoeba?
Why are you doing this, Tom, why?
It was a beautiful night.
Was that a squirrel?
You have to tell me the truth.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mom.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mother.
There's some leftover food in the fridge.
"Do you want to play? ""I don't know how."""
I'm hungry now.
First things first.
Can I talk to you in private for a minute?
Can you show me where I am on this map?
It could just be your imagination.
I love him and I hate him at the same time.
I have a surprise for you, sweetheart.
That's a good story. The only problem is that it's not true.
It's my only hope.
You can still change your mind.
You were right and I was wrong.
I am thirty.
I am thirty years old.
I'm learning Burmese.
I have the word on the tip of my tongue.
The door opened and a man walked in.
I like sauerkraut.
Would you like a banana?
Who are you angry at?
I'm not a gambler.
It doesn't matter how old you are.
The truth was that he was already in love.
Let's both jump into the water at the same time!
They ran naked in the park.
This electric car is powered by batteries.
Let's discuss it now.
I enjoy life.
This is too hard.
The light is off.
It was very good.
How do we stop it?
Get ready for bed.
Did Tom win again?
Are you ready now?
That's a very good plan.
The bus was almost empty.
Is that really you?
When did I do that?
The trunk is open.
It was a good idea.
Does your arm hurt?
That was very easy.
It was really dark.
Get me some coffee.
Yoga comes from India.
Some Asian men wear makeup.
How is it going with Tom?
What'll they do to Tom?
What should I say to Tom?
I'm glad I'm not Tom.
I left a message for Tom.
Mary was wearing men's clothing.
Could you turn off the TV?
What do you like to cook the most?
What an interesting theory!
Who are you afraid of?
Where in Australia are you from?
Where were you three years ago?
This is all unnecessary.
Is that a bottle opener?
Do you have any objection?
I don't think this is such a good idea.
This is our only hope.
This is a hundred dollar bill.
I've asked you repeatedly to do that.
Do you always get up before six?
It's incredible, isn't it?
Why do you always wear that hat?
Look what we've found.
I believe we've seen enough.
That's my suitcase.
This place hasn't changed much.
I guess that's impossible.
How did you get into the house?
Have you fixed the thermostat?
Just asking.
Tatoeba has risen from the dead.
May the Gods help us.
No, thank you. I don't want any more cake.
The United States is a country of immigrants.
Bamboos are one of the fastest growing plants on the planet.
He begged me to go with him.
What a dump.
How disgusting!
She likes to drink.
You would make a great mother.
There's a fine line between bravery and stupidity.
The universe is a large school.
The other students laughed.
The students all laughed.
The children made a giant snowman.
Tom seems young.
You lied to us, didn't you?
Tom was looking for you.
Tom could help you.
You're my brother and I love you.
That's very generous of you.
I'm not dead yet.
Tom isn't a lawyer yet.
Tom hasn't written the letter yet.
Tom was arrested last year.
Tom prepared for the worst.
That's not how it works.
Our plan worked.
The server is down.
Tom showed me the way.
What did Tom really want?
Is that all you want?
Tom is taking a walk.
Tom was victorious.
Tom isn't like us.
Tom lives next door to us.
Tom wanted to come with us.
Tom was unreliable.
Tom is very unpredictable.
Tom is still unemployed.
Tom is a person you can trust.
Did you wait for Tom?
Do you know who killed Tom?
Did you recognize Tom?
Tom won't come today.
Tom looked really tired.
People like Tom lie all the time.
Tom lost his ticket.
The Internet changed everything.
Many restaurants now have free Wi-Fi.
Tom likes squirrels.
Don't miss out on this opportunity.
I closed my phone.
I ate a salad for lunch.
The rumors were true.
The rumors were false.
I can't allow this.
What color are they?
Take a look at these.
There's no one there.
Take a look at that.
Tom has to do that.
Do you remember that?
Did I really say that?
Tom was talkative.
You're full of surprises.
This boy is my son.
It's still snowing.
Tom is about my size.
Tom never was shy.
Tom ironed his white shirt.
Tom quit school.
Tom goes to school.
Tom was sarcastic.
Do not pick your nose!
I would like to know more about the technology which was used in the construction of the Egyptian pyramids.
An interpreter needs to be able to communicate the ideas of the speaker to the listeners fast. The preciseness of the translation does not need to be perfect. There is not enough time to consider all details.
The eagle is white.
I am your sun.
Forget what I said.
Tom had to clean his room.
Tom is in the living room.
Tom wants to be rich.
Your approval is not required.
Tom never breaks promises.
Tom was popular.
Tom is very poor.
Go home!
Tom isn't overweight.
The light went out.
Does that window open?
Tom isn't very old.
Tom remains obstinate.
Tom is very busy now.
Answer me right now.
Everything is back to normal.
Is that a yes or no?
Tom was nervous.
Tom is a common name.
Tom has a mustache.
Is this what happens when you get old?
My grandmother texts faster than you.
Tom was in Boston last month.
Tom often changes his mind.
Tom is not a member.
It's not easy for me.
Tom doesn't love me.
You're going to be very proud of me.
Tom introduced his sister to me.
He hated school.
I work here now.
Tom is very young, isn't he?
Tom is a student, isn't he?
Tom is single, isn't he?
Tom is really shy, isn't he?
Tom is at school, isn't he?
Tom is sad, isn't he?
Tom is photogenic, isn't he?
Tom is persistent, isn't he?
Tom is patient, isn't he?
Tom is really overweight, isn't he?
Tom is quite organized, isn't he?
Tom is observant, isn't he?
Tom is obese, isn't he?
Tom is in Boston now, isn't he?
Tom is nervous, isn't he?
Tom is afraid of Mary, isn't he?
Tom is very late, isn't he?
Tom is a very good guitarist, isn't he?
Tom is really fast, isn't he?
Tom is determined, isn't he?
Tom is conscientious, isn't he?
Tom is boring, isn't he?
Tom is arrogant, isn't he?
Tom is fairly ambitious, isn't he?
Tom is a heroin addict.
Tom disappeared three days ago.
Tom is better than I am.
Tom isn't very ambitious.
Tom never was ambitious.
Tom looked really angry.
I got no answer.
I'm not married anymore.
Tom isn't married anymore.
I'm not married to Tom anymore.
Tom made an apology.
Tom knows who we are.
Tom has no idea where we are.
Stop where you are.
The museum is closed on Mondays.
Why don't we take the subway?
Our little boy is growing up.
Oscar was my mom's dog.
My brother is stronger than me.
Is Finland dangerous?
It's the first thing that I do in the morning.
Why is my brother so stupid?
Tom isn't very athletic.
You have to try to stay awake.
Tom is already back.
Tom is still in the bathroom.
Tom got stung by a bee.
Today is Tom's birthday.
Tom is bluffing.
Tom is ashamed of his body.
Tom likes living in Boston.
Is someone taking care of it?
When does your plane take off?
You tortured a prisoner.
This is an old building.
What should I do if Tom calls?
Tom treats me like a child.
Tom is really clever.
Wrong!
Do you know how to whistle?
Tom is constantly complaining.
Are you both crazy?
Tom tried not to cry.
Tom isn't afraid to die.
Tom knows how to dive.
I wanted to know what would happen.
It's pretty obvious that she loves him.
The rich are getting richer.
The poor are getting poorer.
These cows look bored.
I knew that would happen.
Everyone ran outside.
Is death the only liberation?
Is this water drinkable?
The house is empty.
Tom isn't an expert.
Allow me to explain.
He had Parkinson's disease.
Tom is watering the flowers.
Tom likes to play football.
Tom likes playing football.
Does Tom like French?
Tom is my only real friend.
Tom isn't friendly.
Tom was trying to be funny.
Tom isn't very funny.
No one's gambling.
I'm not a genius.
All the money is gone.
The server is overloaded.
I apologized immediately.
Who's your daddy?
I pray that God will forgive me.
Akira plays tennis well.
In any case, that's an illusion.
I am not romantic at all.
Tom is excellent at drawing.
No, I don't regret anything.
I love love.
Tom is waiting for a telephone call.
Tom is still working at his computer.
Tom likes playing with my dog.
Tom says you're a genius.
I am sitting at the table.
Does the school have a library?
I own three cats.
I haven't done this since high school.
You could sleep in the hammock.
Gladiators fought to the death inside the Coliseum.
One of you is lying.
Tom kissed my hand.
Tom seems to be really happy.
Do you really think Tom is happy?
That's all I have.
We still need your help.
Am I welcome here?
Tom is no longer here.
Why's Tom always here?
Tom is not a hero.
He often quotes Shakespeare.
I thought something was strange.
You should have told the truth.
My grandparents were born in the last century.
Tom is addicted to heroin.
I'm with him.
Tom renovated his house.
Tom is very incompetent.
Tom peeked inside.
Tom seems intelligent.
This is a woman.
Tom likes this game.
Tom isn't very interesting.
Ask Tom where he is.
Tom wants to try it.
Tom wanted to see it.
Tom will never make it.
They really did it.
What can I do about it?
Tom seems jealous.
Tom isn't jealous.
Tom knew that Mary loved John.
That was a funny joke.
Tom is drinking apple juice.
Tom lost his house keys.
Tom has three kids.
Tom is the most boring person I know.
Where is the center of the universe?
Your wife's on the phone. She says it's urgent.
We're going to the beach. Wanna come?
She clearly wants to go.
I'm not defending him.
I'm not defending her.
Tom is traveling by himself.
John has a fine sense of art.
Those are squirrels.
I need to put the children to bed.
Luck is not on my side.
I'm just making a suggestion.
The restaurant is empty.
I've got to know.
Am I late?
Tom tried to leave.
Was I seen leaving?
Tom has short legs.
Tom is making a list.
Your name is still on the list.
This is a long list.
Tom isn't going to listen.
The door was locked.
The door may be locked.
Tom is very good-looking.
Tom didn't want to lose.
That helps a lot.
I'm not so lucky.
Tom is driving me mad.
Tom is a tall man.
Tom is a good man.
You knew I was married.
Tom tossed the ball to Mary.
This is very ingenious.
I've never seen so many sentences in my life!
Tom was afraid of Mary.
Tom isn't as rich as Mary.
Tom is good at math.
Tom is angry with me.
They're afraid of me.
Everybody knows I hate Tom.
Tom is biting his nails.
Many factors must be considered.
Why do I have to go to school?
That can't be denied.
I put your name on the tile.
Tom is awake now.
They said it's OK.
The switch is on.
They can't get out.
Scoot over.
Tom is a brave person.
Tom is our best pilot.
Did you solve the problem?
It looks so real.
Tom is swimming in the river.
It's a good rule.
It makes me feel sad.
Tom has always been shy.
Tom isn't going to sing.
Tom is very afraid of snakes.
Tom is very proud of his son.
Tom is proud of his sons.
They'll be back soon.
Tom has betrayed me.
Tom was a brave soldier.
Tom has three of them.
Tom had three of them.
Tom wants three of them.
Here, smell this.
Did Tom see this?
Did you hire Tom?
What'll Tom do tomorrow?
They're going to try.
Come on, grow up.
It matters to us.
Tom has lied to us.
They're lying to us.
They're afraid of us.
Tom is much better today than yesterday.
Memory fades but the written word remains.
Tom left the city.
Tom is mad at us.
Thomas has a half-sister.
I will kill them all.
I never saw him.
He spent the night in jail.
I don't want to comment on that subject.
She's always like that.
There were three empty wine bottles on the table.
Who invited you to the party?
I do not mind.
We're heading north.
In Esperanto, the penultimate syllable is always stressed.
I speak Japanese.
Emily was surprised.
That's what they all say.
The day when Europe ceases to speak its many languages is the day that Europe – as an idea, as a project – ceases to exist.
"An old man told his grandson, ""My son, there is a battle between two wolves inside us all. One is evil. It is anger, jealousy, greed, resentment, inferiority, lies and ego. The other is good. It is joy, peace, love, hope, humility, kindness, empathy and truth."" The boy thought about it and asked, ""Grandfather, which wolf wins?"" The old man quietly replied, ""The one you feed."""
He coughed.
I spent the whole weekend at home on the computer.
You waited? Thank you!
If the source is not specified, a quote is not a quote but plagiarism.
Today you can eat as much as you want.
The original is unfaithful to the translation.
We were eating eggs.
I left the key in the room.
She was swimming.
If the situation doesn't improve, I'll be obliged to take measures.
Never lose hope!
He already knows that.
Tom was fired for being late.
The Sanssouci Palace is in the rococo style.
Tom is allergic to alcohol.
Do your parents know about this?
You wouldn't have won without me.
Tom's death was an accident.
Tom was bludgeoned into paying the money.
He really needs your help.
A green banana isn't ripe enough to eat.
Where do dreams come from?
I have no intention of telling him.
Watch the road.
My mom has psychic powers.
I saw Tom at the funeral today.
Hey, could you get to the point? I don't have a lot of time.
Blood flows through blood vessels.
Belgrade is the capital of Serbia.
The Pilgrims came to America, fleeing religious persecution.
Tom loves that hoodie.
Tom prefers not to talk about it.
I was so worried about Mary.
Tom played tennis with Mary yesterday.
Tom lived there for many years.
Tom looked out of the window.
We expect heavy resistance.
It's very improbable.
Tom plays tennis very well.
Tom plays golf every weekend.
Tom plays tennis three times a week.
Tom poured Mary a glass of water.
I have unbearable pains.
Tom pressed his ear against the wall.
I've removed the comma.
Tom likes watching TV.
Discrimination on the basis of gender is prohibited.
Tom never gave in to temptation.
Maybe your earring is under the table.
Tom likes playing soccer.
Maybe that's the reason.
This is one of the greatest mysteries in all of science.
That's a pretty name.
Everyone needs a place to call home.
Astronomy is an expensive hobby.
Knitting can be an expensive hobby.
Can you slow down a little?
Tom tried to push Mary into the water.
School is a joke.
I'll be at home.
Tom lost his hat.
Tom likes science fiction.
I wonder how he's going to react.
Equations are just the boring part of mathematics. I attempt to see things in terms of geometry.
Tom nervously opened the door.
Tom poured milk into the cup.
Tom never came out of his coma.
Tom needs to be more careful.
Tom parked his car behind the building.
Tom really likes Boston.
Tom likes to go to the beach.
We'll decide later.
Tom never gives anything to anybody.
Tom sometimes walks to work.
Tom set the table.
Tomorrow is his day off.
Tomorrow is her day off.
Mary took her necklace off.
Tom seems to be motivated.
I believe that consciousness is the way information feels when being processed.
The fall of the Berlin Wall was really an epochal event.
We have a car.
I want these.
They've already eaten.
Tom isn't very tall, is he?
Tom was the first one here, wasn't he?
This is my favorite kimono.
Tom still calls me from time to time.
Who is Marika?
Look at what she's wearing!
No, my love.
Yes, my love.
Tom got a letter from Santa Claus.
This article contains some genuinely new ideas.
I don't speak Portuguese.
This is a work in progress.
The pay is horrible.
I felt naked.
Mary doesn't live in my neighborhood.
Go and help your brother.
Go and help your sister.
Go and help Tom.
You don't accept gifts.
Can I take a picture of you?
Can I take your picture?
I'm not supposed to tell anyone about it.
Birds evolved from dinosaurs.
He stopped crying.
I was going to ask you the same thing.
Tom, tell me the truth.
I was tortured.
What is the most romantic city in the world?
I was ashamed of my brother.
They were ready.
Are you really a princess?
What do you intend to do with him?
What do you intend to do with her?
Tom still doesn't know I'm here.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first six hours sharpening the ax.
I'm bored. Let's do something.
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
Look what I've found.
A house is not a home.
The illusion was perfect.
The illusion is perfect.
Even my parents don't like me.
I'm going to chop this tree down.
In your position, I'd probably have done the same thing.
Aladdin found a magic lamp.
Happy Independence Day!
This word has three syllables.
Do whatever it takes.
Does Tom like to swim?
Do you like surprises?
My mother and father aren't home right now.
Is Tom stupid?
Has Tom returned?
No one will care.
The woman in white is a famous actress.
I hate this rug.
Is everybody all right?
That's a complex question.
My favourite colour is red.
Have a piece of pie.
Don't try to be a hero now.
It was hard for Tom to say no.
It's a huge mistake.
Is it true that Tatoeba was bought by Google for 1 billion dollars?
I slept through the entire movie.
His name is Tom, not John.
Do you know Tom Jackson?
Don't you know what it is?
Is Tom still interested?
Do you think Tom killed himself?
Does Tom want me to help him?
You can wait for me here.
Tom is chopping wood.
She doesn't even know that I exist.
I hate that color.
Get out while you can.
Don't make me blush.
Everybody knows who you are.
I ate too much yesterday.
I think I ate a little too much today.
How are things going with Tom?
Yesterday we met with the Minister of Education.
She has a strong character.
I want some of those.
Quantum physics thus reveals a basic oneness of the universe.
This was my idea.
Did I pass the test?
I don't want sugar.
It's still not working.
It was a bad movie.
It's not real money.
It was a group effort.
It was three years ago.
He had a white cat.
They're waiting for us.
The reason is very simple.
I want to go to Mars.
The library is open to the public.
I am British.
If quantum mechanics hasn't profoundly shocked you, you haven't understood it yet.
Who listens to Tom?
It depends on the situation.
Fear of failure prevents many people from reaching their full potential.
This is perfectly legal.
I was never in love with Tom.
What is the name of the lady who must not be named?
I'm not jealous of Tom.
If I were you, I would buy it.
I was ready for Tom.
She blushed.
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary's handbag and disappeared into the crowd.
I checked Google, but I didn't find anything.
She smoked a cigar.
Is there a hospital nearby?
He's so arrogant!
Thanks to you I've learnt a lot.
Mars has a very thin atmosphere.
Tom wanted to dance with Mary.
My dad just called.
That's all I can do.
Follow the rules.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
You are in my heart.
She's waiting.
They'll negotiate.
Do exactly as I say.
That's a nice story.
Anything's possible.
My dad taught me how to do it.
My mom taught me how to do it.
Tom, what are you doing here?
Your team is better than ours.
It's finally starting to make sense to me.
"Mary, hurry up. We're already late. ""I'm not ready. Leave me alone!"""
I wash my hair every day.
Have you lost your tongue? Why don't you answer?
The scientists are working on a new experiment.
Canada is a large country.
Mary made me swear not to tell Tom.
He seems really nice.
May I show you something?
I would like to eat something.
That's all I have to know.
She kissed me without saying a word.
Textbooks are expensive.
There are many different kinds of beauty.
Today's show is a rerun.
Our family has lived here for generations.
Married people are happier than unmarried people.
Come on, admit it.
Come on, hurry up.
Do you have a menu in English?
I didn't know there was a pond here.
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.
It will break.
Every minute counts.
I'd like to visit Australia someday.
This shop shuts at nine.
It's half past one.
Nature is cruel.
Are we on the air?
Good afternoon!
Why do you believe Tom?
Why don't you help Tom?
What has changed since then?
Has the climate changed?
Tom lives 10 miles from the Canadian border.
Asians eat a lot of rice.
Why are boys so stupid?
Why are boys so dumb?
I'm sick of lying.
I hated you at first.
Plato thought that the universe was made up of triangles.
Why did God make the world the way He did?
Why are there stars in the sky?
Love is not a finite resource.
Don't post drunk pictures on Facebook or Twitter.
Why do you speak French so well?
Tom has just finished eating dinner.
He is Spanish.
He is Portuguese.
He loves the new house.
That's not what I said at all.
There are no other options.
Why are these teenagers laughing?
Tom hates it.
Mary? Alice whispered.
This idea is controversial.
I must organize my thoughts.
That's why I came.
I have no children.
Had I known you'd be here, I wouldn't have come.
I'm afraid of dying.
It's a bad example.
It's warm in here.
Do you have a spare key?
No one respects me.
We cannot change the past.
That's what I saw.
Which planet is closest to the sun?
Who are you? What're you doing here?
My wife's pregnant.
Love me!
How was the movie?
Elves live in the forest.
Everybody falls in love at least once in their lives.
How could you say such a thing?
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.
I still have some homework to do.
What is critical thinking?
The chickens were killed by a fox.
I'm a lawyer.
I hate funerals.
What's your problem?
Did I embarrass you?
Are you avoiding me?
I think I'll do that.
I really like your paintings.
I've attempted suicide twice.
Hey, what's going on?
My father has a heart of gold.
There are still many cultural differences between East and West Germany.
You have a crush on him, don't you?
This is a newspaper.
I didn't want to cry in front of her.
Most of this building's tenants are artists.
I think that he's hiding something.
They are still children.
He is not a child.
Would you like to hear the parrot talk?
I have attempted suicide two times.
Chiqui is a parrot that speaks Esperanto.
This parrot has green feathers.
Robert does not know how to spell 'crème brûlée'.
Why do you know so much about Australia?
We've known each other since we were children.
Do I have to do this now?
This cat is Tom's.
We're the same size.
This dress fits me perfectly.
I never wanted this.
I still have to try.
It's only a temporary fix.
That's a wise decision.
That's not what I think.
That's not why I'm here.
That happened over a year ago.
That's exactly the point.
That's a good thing to have.
That's probably not a good idea.
That's not important now.
That's not what you want to do.
That's what I thought, too.
That's what I always say.
That's what I should've said.
That's what I have to do.
That's all I need to hear.
That's not what I just heard.
That's not where I'm going.
That's not what I'm going to do.
How do we explain this?
Hasn't Tom arrived yet?
Tom stole my wallet.
Tom is a married man.
Tom's mood has changed.
That's why Tom came.
Tom and Mary left the party together.
I feel so happy when I'm with you.
I ought to go.
I'm doing the right thing.
Haven't you eaten lunch?
That's what I wanted.
That's what I think.
That's a good thing.
That's a very interesting theory.
That's a very good sign.
That's a good school.
That's against the rules.
That's not going to stop me.
That wasn't too bad.
That was months ago.
I want the facts.
I'd like to order a pizza.
I'd like to know what's going on.
It's a matter of taste.
Why do I have to do this alone?
This makes no sense to me.
I don't really need your help.
I don't really need this.
How's Tom going to find Mary?
Does Tom live here with you?
Are you waiting for Tom?
Tom graduated in 2013.
What was your first cellphone?
This plastic squirrel was made in China.
Did you see my sister?
It was like a dream.
Salt is used to melt snow.
This is a knife.
I have killed him.
I have killed her.
Plant trees!
Those were his exact words.
Those were her exact words.
Lava is dangerous.
Be careful not to drink too much.
Are you girls all right?
This book is a fascinating read.
I don't like her one bit.
Why does everyone think that I'm stupid?
You're not hungry.
People have no money.
My father is a bit old fashioned.
These walls aren't exactly soundproof.
God has a plan for you.
Don't talk to your father like that.
What foreign languages have you studied?
Forget it. It's too risky.
Vampires live forever.
This file is encrypted.
Tom isn't going to listen to me.
I've got work to do here.
I'm older than you think.
Nobody likes Tom.
No one trusts Tom.
I asked Tom what he wanted to do.
I'll do what I have to do.
We don't want Tom to go.
I was only trying to help.
I appreciate your efforts.
Tom isn't here today.
Does Tom know why you're here?
Why is Tom not here?
What's Tom's address?
I don't have a nickname.
I like to play poker.
I think everybody should learn another language.
I did everything I could to obtain this prize.
The sun will become a red giant in about 5 billion years.
I want a blanket.
He loved to travel.
I am from Tokyo, Japan.
I don't know what her name is.
My Internet connection isn't fast enough.
How old is the oldest one?
Eat!
Food!
Does he have a family?
Is this his umbrella?
Is this her umbrella?
Is that his umbrella?
Ah!
I'm not allowed to say anything.
Tom loves to play with my dog.
I saw tears in his eyes.
How much did the tickets cost?
Why now?
My dear friend!
Flowers are growing in the meadow.
The squirrel closed its eyes and began to count hazelnuts.
Why would anyone do that on purpose?
Mary likes country music.
Tom is a real nerd.
He sings well.
One of them is probably lying.
Why can't I love them both?
I think Tom will win.
I hope Tom wins.
No one takes me seriously.
What is the active ingredient in aspirin?
She is a professor.
How much do these trousers cost?
That says it all.
It looks like a UFO.
The doors are locked.
A policeman is outside.
It's all quite simple.
My parents are there.
Take a few days off.
Maybe I should go.
Blue is my favorite color.
It's over between us.
Cigarette smoke bothers me a lot.
Baseball is my favorite sport.
I'm not going to help you.
Look, I'll show you.
I have another job now.
Tom is in college now.
The banks are closed today.
I loved the play.
It's too late anyway.
It's still too early.
The house appears to be empty.
Who called the police?
Do you need the phone?
Why's Tom still here?
Are you a student here?
Who invited you here?
How are things going?
How about a snack?
Did I ask your opinion?
Is Tom there, too?
Who're you looking for?
Is it always like this?
Whose phone is this?
Who called the cops?
Do you understand that?
Do you want to do it?
Is there another exit?
What's the movie about?
Is today your birthday?
Could you please hurry?
My mother does not like television.
She speaks English.
Has he read this article?
He always wants to have the last word.
King Solomon was known for his wisdom.
Where do you want us to go?
I do not have a family.
There are insects everywhere.
I am the one who knocks.
I killed him.
I killed her.
Rubbish!
A sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful.
Canada has thirteen provinces and territories.
This movie makes no sense.
What was the cause of the accident?
He has a cleft lip.
Someone will close the window.
The boy is asking a question.
No one lives in that house.
I got soap in my eyes.
I have bread.
You have water.
Tatoeba is currently unavailable. We are sorry for the inconvenience. You can check our blog or Twitter for more information.
She was busy.
This is my third week.
Tom and Mary are irresponsible parents.
Is there life beyond the solar system?
In the zoos on Mars, there are animals from Earth.
Lamberto is the name of a large hotel chain.
I smiled.
Mary is going to write a letter.
Very!
If I understand correctly, I've been taken for a ride.
I don't feel safe here.
She doesn't live here anymore.
She is as guilty as Tom.
He said it was important.
She said it was important.
He said that it was important.
She said that it was important.
You are not eating anything.
The Milky Way consists of about a hundred billion stars.
Why do you have to go?
Did he iron his pants?
Tom likes to play with my dog.
My friends are my family.
Will you stop it already!
My battery is almost dead.
I talk fast.
This man is very generous.
Mary smoked a cigar.
The cherry is red.
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
They also saw it.
I could not believe what I saw.
Tom has a son who is a policeman.
There are islands in the sea.
This is our secret.
I want to eat something sweet.
My feet are smaller than yours.
We see each other once a month.
I've had enough of your lectures.
I'm watching a movie.
Get out of here before I call the cops.
Is this man threatening you?
Was this man threatening you?
Tom is plotting something.
Her husband is an adulterer.
I couldn't contain my anger.
Portuguese is a Romance language.
We meet once a month.
I am boring.
Your eyelids are closed, but I know you're awake.
Everyone was shocked by the news.
I won't be wearing a tie.
Where did you see these women?
Animals are not toys!
I had to hire a car.
Which search engine do you use?
Are you intentionally trying to confuse me?
He wrote me love letters.
Tom was a bit jealous.
Tom wasn't there yesterday.
A lot of my classmates think that I'm dumb.
Is this your room?
They danced the whole night.
I'll try to say it in French.
We have mutual friends.
I hate ironing.
The world isn't perfect.
He can sing.
I never speak French.
There's no air on the moon.
Why doesn't your dog wear a muzzle?
Put it on my bill.
I need a drink first.
This valley is very fertile.
I don't have time to help you right now.
What's this sound?
I'm trying to learn English.
I like Boston a lot.
You're a terrible person.
Ask him to call me.
He wants to know the truth.
That isn't exactly what I said.
Does Tom like his job?
Tom wants Mary to be happy.
Stop correcting me.
The book I bought last week was really interesting.
I knew they were lying!
I will not help you.
Your explanation is too abstract for me.
Does he like his job?
I'm impressed with your French.
That's a pathetic excuse.
He bought a shield and a sword.
What's his professor's name?
Have you already had breakfast?
May I suggest another approach?
May I suggest another option?
I don't want you to quit playing the piano.
Tom has a son who's a policeman.
You've lost a little weight, haven't you?
What's her professor's name?
I am a banana.
Don't worry, it happens to everyone.
I've forgotten her name.
It is the calm before the storm.
Esperanto belongs to everyone. Unfortunately, not everybody knows that.
I sing well.
I study German.
Does she sing?
What's the difference between asteroids and comets?
Some dogs are very smart.
I have some errands to run.
The two answers are both correct.
I'm reading an interesting book.
A true love story never ends.
Is this clock working?
The rain follows me everywhere!
I love Christmas songs.
Tom scored a goal.
No one understands that.
He hates sports.
Is that stereotype true?
What are you doing in such a cold place?
Are you sure it was him?
Mary has written three books.
You can't have both.
The crime was premeditated.
Why have you been avoiding me?
This sounds like a trap.
Have you seen my camera?
Could you translate that for me?
Wait a bit.
I have a friend who cuts his own hair.
The lift has an automatic door.
Don't argue with a woman when she's tired.
I will not come.
"How many countries have names that start with the letter ""Y""?"
Was that your question?
South Korea is much more beautiful than North Korea.
This is not for me.
I feel itchy everywhere.
Tom wrote a letter to Santa.
Jesus was born in Bethlehem.
I like Christmas decorations.
Tom and Mary opened their Christmas presents.
It's too hard for me.
Do you know who his father is?
Do you know that guy?
Their common aim was to make the project successful.
This is exactly what I wanted.
Snow melts.
Unlike you, I don't make fun of people in public.
I didn't trust him at first.
I didn't trust her at first.
Tom doesn't know the truth.
Tom will never do that.
Tom didn't learn anything in school.
Someone famous said that imagination is more important than intelligence.
I was bored to death.
I have a horse.
It was an obvious conclusion, but it was absolutely wrong.
Tom whistled.
A lot has happened.
Tom staggered.
It was to be expected.
Tom was delighted.
Tom takes everything for granted.
Tom protested.
Tom followed.
Tom lowered his sword.
The group was too large.
It's all very simple.
I've never felt so alive.
I've always fought to survive.
Tom began praying.
That's what I'm saying.
I came by to say hi.
I think I'm going to throw up.
I don't need a partner.
Tom wants an answer.
I paid my taxes.
I don't know how to address you.
Sometimes I don't get you.
That's not what I saw.
My computer works fine now.
You have my attention already.
They were wealthy.
I admire their ingenuity.
I'm so thirsty.
Where were you on 9/11?
How much do you have invested?
How much do you know about artificial intelligence?
Is there a timetable?
Are you imitating me?
Are you almost here?
What do you say we go to my house?
Who am I forgetting?
So what're you saying?
Why do you care so much?
Why would I laugh?
Isn't that childish?
My mother has a red apron.
My patience is running out.
How many fingers am I holding up?
Anybody want a beer?
Why bother?
Do you not like girls?
Don't you have any good news?
Why didn't you say it like that?
How can we prove that?
Why on earth would I do that?
How do we know that?
Was I not supposed to eat yet?
How do parents do it?
That sounds credible, doesn't it?
This is kind of sudden, isn't it?
Can I take that as a compliment?
Are you a paleontologist?
How do I thank you?
Did I ask you?
Do I look happy to you?
Does that satisfy you?
How are we feeling today?
Can I ask why?
Do you want me to be happy?
Why does love make us so happy?
Anyone else want to give it a try?
Why not let Tom try?
That's an interesting idea.
Perhaps Tom can help you find a job.
No meal is complete without bread.
Some of the girls laughed.
Your request is denied.
I'm already married.
This conversation never happened.
Everybody jumped.
Tom never fully recovered.
Tom felt very tired.
Tom retired.
The door is now closed.
Everybody was very well dressed.
The situation is very complicated.
That's exactly what I wanted.
I don't like to be interrupted.
The street is deserted.
I think I need a hearing aid.
I have something else in mind.
At least give me a chance.
I want to eat breakfast outside.
I'll tell my wife.
That wasn't a lie.
I'm glad you reminded me.
You're not like me.
Come on, tell me.
OK, you two, follow me.
I thought you'd be here.
Everything is ready here.
Let's park over there.
I don't need your help anymore.
Tom wasn't sure.
Let me continue.
The women stopped working.
Stop dreaming.
I don't like swimming.
Stop whimpering.
You're shivering.
People are always dying.
Say it in French.
Tom didn't laugh.
Tom has written a book.
Tom described the problem in detail.
It wasn't interesting at all.
It's wonderful.
I was speaking with Tom.
Look out for Tom.
I'll show that to Tom.
That's my plan.
Tom is an old man.
Yesterday, my wheelbarrow was stolen.
All the windows were open.
Tom wanted Mary to apologize to John.
The children are crying again.
I won't do that again.
I wasn't sure what to do.
My name's Tom, too.
I know your brother.
Tom often sings when he's in the shower.
Tom had many friends.
Come downstairs.
This building belongs to us.
I've already told Tom that.
They don't like to do that.
I won't deny that.
The day isn't over yet.
I'm not famous yet.
I thought about it.
Eat more fruit.
Tom was barefoot.
Thanks for helping out.
I want to spend more time with you.
Nobody will help you.
Here's a box of chocolates for you.
You'll feel better now.
It snowed all day yesterday.
Everyone wants money.
Tom was very shy.
Apparently, everyone was happy.
I was so unhappy.
Life is a mystery.
I wasn't thirsty.
Do you have something to add?
Why did you decide to get divorced?
What do you think I did?
Why am I still here?
Don't you like swimming?
What am I doing?
Why aren't you studying?
Aren't you feeling well?
Isn't she beautiful?
Did you shoot Tom?
Was the door open?
Is everything in position?
What's the solution?
Why can't I go?
Is Tom still asleep?
What is it for?
Where are our friends?
Whose house is this?
Did you know this?
Are they brothers?
Are they sisters?
Are Mary and Alice really sisters?
Can't you help us?
Did you buy anything to eat?
Why do you ask me that?
Why should I wait?
Why is everything so difficult?
How long did it take you to write this report?
Does Tom want me to drive him to the airport?
Who won the contest?
Who's next on the list?
Do you consider yourself a good guitarist?
You're not in a hurry, are you?
You haven't seen Tom, have you?
Why is Tom afraid of you?
Don't you know?
Where were they?
Does Tom know why?
Do you feel guilty?
I was ready.
Too much is too much!
When do you use it?
In what kind of situations would you use that sentence?
I hate math.
I hate mathematics.
We advertise our products on TV.
It seems like you're in a bad mood this morning.
You should say what you think.
There are many pictures in this book.
I am Charlie.
It was a full moon yesterday.
He has changed his name.
Oh my God!
He changed his name.
Ouch!
Ow!
He's partially right.
She's always very polite.
He's always very polite.
Music is a part of me.
No one could make the princess laugh.
I like your profile picture.
I only speak French.
The demon is dead.
Tom will not sing.
Tom won't sing.
I'm giving it to you for free.
Can he be trusted?
The water was hot.
Near the end of his life, he started to worry a lot about what his legacy would be.
He saved the situation.
What color do you like?
I took every opportunity to improve my Esperanto.
Smoking is suicide.
This doesn't burn.
Where is Tom sleeping?
Thank you for your purchase!
Thanks for your comments.
I'm adding this sentence now.
She was homesick.
That's a sign.
The fridge is empty.
Tom wants to open his own restaurant.
I crave knowledge.
Tom was wearing moccasins.
Mary likes teasing her brother.
Mom, look what I found.
We want to have a baby.
I'm allergic to seafood.
The bar was packed.
Would you leave your wife for me?
Would you leave your husband for me?
Allan Kardec is my favorite writer.
I want to become a singer.
I want to die soon.
I want to go on a trip with you.
The train was almost empty.
Is Tom left-handed or right-handed?
The fan doesn't work.
It's not the end of the story yet.
I want to know all the details.
Let's fall in love.
On second thought, let's go out to eat.
Duplicates of this sentence have been deleted.
The kitchen is downstairs.
He married her for her money.
Google doesn't know everything.
I don't like her anymore.
Welcome to our first class in Italian.
What did you try to do?
I would have said yes.
I would've said yes.
Tom is not a true warrior.
Milk was sold in glass bottles.
Do you have a nickname?
She interrupted me.
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
How do you say XXX in Portuguese?
Is my French really that bad?
How old were these kids?
She barely speaks to me anymore.
Thanks a lot. I appreciate that.
Tom is listening to his iPod.
Sometimes, life is so unfair.
The only language Tom can speak is French.
It's the perfect place for an ambush.
There is cat hair all over the place.
Shall we drink something?
Germany's minimum wage is 8.50 euros an hour.
Can anyone confirm your story?
I like the way that smells.
Not everyone was happy.
When are your parents coming home?
We are from Germany.
Does the bus stop here?
I paid attention.
What's the matter, darling?
I added yet another sentence.
May I tell you a little secret?
Tom was shouting.
She's in Boston.
Women change the world.
They reached their destination.
For the time being, I don't have a plan.
This is me.
I'll give you the book.
Have you read the book already?
I'll be there at 2:30.
Explain yourself.
Is this all yours?
Mine is better than yours.
I think I know you.
I'll cook something for you.
None of us will help you.
The surgery was yesterday.
I arrived yesterday.
I'll graduate this year.
It could've been worse.
How deep is this well?
Constructive criticism is always welcome.
I need a new wardrobe.
I like walking.
It's not a virus.
I love this video.
They look like us.
Maybe we should just give up.
I woke up.
It's time to wake up.
Tom was really unlucky.
Did Tom tell the truth?
I always tell the truth.
It's unlikely to be true.
I've tried.
This is an equilateral triangle.
I'm already on the train.
You can do it, too.
Can I see you tomorrow?
Why don't you leave Tom?
Stop talking about Tom.
You don't understand me, Tom.
Let's do that together.
Are you going to school today?
I broke a vase today.
Tom didn't come today.
I'm now very tired.
I was already tired.
It'll be better next time.
You always say the same thing.
I made these.
Ask them.
Why are you reading that?
It'll be difficult to do that.
We're not that stupid.
I was studying.
This is my favorite song.
Stop sniffling.
Are all the windows shut?
Stop shouting.
Why aren't you at school?
Do what your mother says.
I was satisfied.
Who remembers?
It's red.
It's not a difficult problem.
I have pneumonia.
Tom is sharpening his pencil.
I need a red pen.
Honesty pays.
I was invited to Tom's party.
My favorite color is orange.
That's only my personal opinion.
I'll see you in October.
Be objective.
Who are you working for now?
I noticed.
Was that really necessary?
I still don't know your name.
I don't like Tom so much.
You eat too much.
You've drunk too much.
I went to the park this morning.
We want more.
See you in three months.
How much do you spend on food every month?
I've wasted my money.
See you Monday.
Yesterday was Monday.
I'm leaving on Monday.
Tom has made a lot of mistakes.
Did you change your mind?
That totally slipped my mind.
I like milk.
I saw the message.
Tom waited for me.
Tom didn't help me.
You always lie to me.
My mother called me.
Tom took the scissors away from Mary.
Are you already married?
I'm a very, very happy man.
Am I in love?
I don't like to laugh.
I was really late.
Do you know where it is?
I was at a job interview.
I've already done my homework.
My mother is at home.
Are you here?
Is your mother here?
I want to be happy.
It was so good.
Are you learning French?
Has a solution been found?
We want more food.
Why don't you want to go first?
I fell.
It was probably my fault.
Don't worry about your family.
I was excited.
There are always exceptions.
Your French is excellent.
Have you understood everything?
Did you understand everything?
I convinced everyone.
This is really embarrassing.
I don't want to eat.
Why are you here so early?
Come early.
Everyone is drunk.
Do you want to drink?
Well done.
We have other things to do.
I washed the dishes.
I was very disappointed.
Tom answered the question correctly.
I'm not so convinced.
Where is the concert?
Is it complicated?
Who complained?
I only have American coins.
I never drink coffee.
This is a coconut.
When does the bank close?
My room is always clean.
Nothing changes.
The situation won't change.
I'll come by car.
This is our car.
Are you really Canadian?
I need caffeine.
It burned.
You owe me thirty bucks.
Be brief.
Don't open this box.
Have fun in Boston.
This movie is boring.
I've already started reading that book.
Let's write a book.
I hope there'll be no bloodshed.
Tom was a blackmailer.
Tom said that he'd pay the bill.
The world is very big.
Let's do our best.
How much is this ball?
You look like a baboon.
Tom lives in Australia.
Opposites attract.
Who are you staring at?
I need political asylum.
I read the article.
Where are we?
Tom is eating an apple.
Tom didn't want to come here, but he came anyway.
Has Tom eaten anything?
Tom didn't actually do anything.
I was too scared to do anything.
They haven't learned anything.
It could be anyone.
You can't do that anymore.
I'm not afraid of snakes anymore.
We're not friends anymore.
It was a good answer.
It's really very annoying.
Tom was very angry.
This is simply amazing.
Do you know how old I am?
I wasn't scared at all.
Who's going to drive me to the airport?
You have to try again.
I've always dreamed of living abroad.
My greatest fear is drowning.
My children don't listen to me.
Your parents know where you are.
Your honesty is refreshing.
Your dreams will come true.
Your behavior was inexcusable.
My taxi should be here soon.
My orders are to go with you.
My customers never complain.
Who invented the clipboard?
My grandfather was an archaeologist.
My flight leaves in less than an hour.
My client wants to plead guilty.
My client has been charged with murder.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
I want a new dog.
But why is French so difficult?
A blank check? You only see those in movies.
How much is this umbrella?
I won't go to school tomorrow.
Tom seems really happy.
I'm a tourist.
Just to be on the safe side, why don't you take an umbrella with you?
Why are you so smart?
It's impossible to fix.
Of course I understand.
I want to eat something nice.
I want something nice to eat.
I want something good to eat.
Nothing's sacred.
Oh, it's snowing!
Do you want to have some tea?
A full-grown African elephant weighs about four tons.
Duty calls.
We had no school today!
Alas!
They promised.
Tom arrived first.
I subscribed to a newspaper.
I keep a diary.
She was jealous.
Would you like to take a walk with me?
If you're not happy with the money, give it to me. I will be happy.
I'll tell you why I don't like Tom.
Both of us are from Germany.
I've seen you with her.
I need to speak with him alone.
I'm on the phone with him now.
I'm not in love with her.
I'm going with her.
I'm not angry with him.
Watch him.
I did warn them.
What do you want them to do?
No one trusts him.
No one trusts her.
I've always trusted them.
You'd be stupid to trust her.
You shouldn't trust her.
Do you really trust him?
I should've told him sooner.
That's not what I told him.
I told him that.
I talked to him.
You've got to talk to them.
You have to talk to them.
Let me at least talk to him.
Let's go talk to him.
Please take me to him.
Please take me to her.
I can't give it to you.
I'm younger than her.
Tell him.
Tell her what you want.
Tell him to leave me alone.
Tell him that.
Tell her I'm in the office.
Tell him I won't do that.
Don't tell him.
Don't tell her.
Don't tell him anything.
Let me tell her.
I want to take her with me.
Can I take you home?
The problem isn't him.
The problem here isn't him.
That wasn't him.
Have you seen her yet?
I haven't seen her today.
I haven't seen him since.
I hadn't seen him in years.
Hasn't anyone seen him?
I'm going to see them again.
I don't see him often.
I don't see her anymore.
I didn't see him today.
I didn't see her today.
Can I see her now?
I'm the last one who saw him.
I saw them this morning.
I saw her this morning.
We were unable to rescue her.
I recognized them.
Who do you know there?
We can count on her.
I'm afraid of him.
I'm afraid of her.
We need her.
I don't need him.
Don't you miss her?
We miss him.
I met him after work.
I want to marry him.
I could've married him.
They loved him.
They loved her.
We love him.
I always liked him.
I always liked her.
Why don't you like us?
Do you like her?
I don't like them that much.
I don't like him at all.
Let him try.
We'll let them try.
I didn't know him then.
Don't interrupt him.
They hugged him.
Why are you helping him?
We helped her.
I helped him.
I helped her.
Why don't you help her?
I have to help him.
I've got to help him.
You can't help him.
We can't help her.
Let's help him.
Let's help her.
I'll help him tomorrow.
Why doesn't anybody help you?
Why doesn't anybody help me?
Why do you hate him?
They hate him.
I don't hate her anymore.
I hate him.
I never harmed her.
We've got to give them something.
Get him out of there.
I bought it from him.
I found her there.
Forgive him.
Forgive her.
We used to work for them.
I'm not going to wait for him.
I'll wait up for him.
I bought this for you.
I looked for them.
I looked for him.
I looked for her.
I need to buy a gift for him.
I need to buy a gift for her.
I did everything for them.
I did everything for him.
I did everything for her.
Were you able to find them?
I've always distrusted them.
I've always distrusted her.
I did him a favor.
I did her a favor.
You should've called them.
I forgot to call him.
I believed him.
Why don't you believe him?
We're avoiding them.
Why did you attack her?
I asked them to help.
What do you have against her?
Don't you worry about me.
Don't you worry about him.
I'm worried about him, too.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about them.
Tom is left-handed.
Tom knows French.
Tom is smarter than I am.
Tom is a very dangerous man.
Tom likes oranges.
Smell this.
I haven't found Tom yet.
Tom is as tall as Mary.
Tom works too much.
Tom stole the money.
Tom has lost weight.
Tom didn't last long.
Tom allowed me to go.
We have more in common than I thought.
Tom lives near us.
Tom attempted suicide.
Tom sent Mary a selfie.
Tom never wears pink.
Tom came home very late.
Tom went to the park by himself.
Tom hid himself behind the tree.
I believe the choice is clear.
In today's world, we have to equip all our kids with an education that prepares them for success, regardless of what they look like, or how much their parents make, or the zip code that they live in.
I no longer appreciate Tom.
I refuse.
She is 8 months pregnant.
Should I wash the lettuce?
Who eats bees?
Dogs are a serious danger to traffic.
I lied.
Greece is an old country.
At your service.
No one likes losing.
Touché!
Are we on speakerphone?
I have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
I hope that's a joke.
I will give you five dollars.
He is walking.
I want milk.
He walks.
The students seem bored.
I don't like salad.
Will we arrive in time?
His younger sister is a well-known TV star.
She lay in the hammock for hours.
Try not to yawn.
Try not to be late again tomorrow.
In what year were you born?
Tom knows that I don't like him.
I don't drink a lot of beer.
He is not sleeping.
Where is the closest hospital?
I had a strange dream.
May I have a drink?
Tom no longer trusts Mary.
Tom and Mary adopted John.
The letter was signed by Tom.
Mary is Tom's daughter-in-law.
Both Tom and Mary are my friends.
Tom hanged himself in his jail cell.
Tom often borrows money from his friends.
Tom often borrowed money from his friends.
Tom sold his car to Mary for three hundred dollars.
Tom will always be here for you.
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.
Mary is Tom's twin sister.
Tom is here to protect me.
Tom has three other dogs.
Tom's dog attacked Mary.
Tom is walking his dog.
Did Tom eat dinner?
Tom is Mary's ex.
Tom is no angel.
Table salt is composed of sodium and chlorine atoms.
The cat is white.
May I touch this?
He didn't die in vain.
I don't want to dance.
Tom has two brothers who live in Boston.
That's not so important.
Did you buy them on the black market?
Correct the mistakes.
How do you play poker?
Tom has a personal bodyguard.
Tom is a very creative person.
Math is fun.
I was married at that time.
Have you ever sat in a helicopter?
Tom is an interesting man.
Tom and Mary work in the same office.
Tom plays the piano better than Mary.
Tom waited for Mary for a long time.
Tom played the piano and Mary sang.
Tom gave Mary a Christmas present.
Tom is more intelligent than Mary.
Tom and Mary are the same height.
Tom and Mary broke up last week.
Tom is writing a letter to Mary.
Tom shouldn't have married Mary.
Tom talked with Mary yesterday.
Tom showed Mary's letter to me.
Tom bought a present for Mary.
Tom called Mary this morning.
Tom eats less than Mary does.
Tom talked to Mary yesterday.
Tom introduced me to Mary.
The pain was excruciating.
This is a tragedy for this family, it’s a tragedy for this community, it’s a tragedy for the city.
Do you love your mother?
She showered.
He is miles away.
"Are you ready? ""I think so."""
Where is the mistake?
I want answers to my questions.
Pigs can't fly.
Seoul is the capital of South Korea.
He forgot to buy a present for her.
You pig!
The dog is green and beautiful.
Dan and Linda are in trouble.
Dan ended up in jail.
Dan is now wanted by the police.
Selfie sticks are banned in many museums and galleries.
Did I interrupt anything?
I'm not trying to make you feel guilty.
The probability of winning is 0.001%.
My parents don’t like the way I dress.
Did you buy a new phone?
Why are you out at this hour?
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.
Dan was arrested at church.
Tom, do you still love me?
Everybody dies.
You like doing that, don't you?
What kind of historian are you?
You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Do you recognize that woman?
Don't you want to go with us?
Do you still not understand?
Humans aren't the only animals that use tools.
We've still got time.
Thanks very much for doing this.
Why do you always do this?
Why does Tom want to go there?
What time does the meeting start?
Why didn't you call me sooner?
Tom pretended he was sick so he wouldn't have to go to school.
What more is there to say?
That's not a nice thing to say.
What does the sign say?
Do you have the key to this room?
Is that the only reason?
That's not the only reason.
Is this beef or pork?
Tom bought himself a microscope.
This is the only tie I have.
Do you really think Tom is handsome?
Are you afraid of the future?
This is no longer funny.
I study French.
What are they waiting for?
What were you waiting for?
Is that the best we can do?
It's difficult to describe.
It's the right decision.
Why did you sign the confession?
It's probably just a coincidence.
Have another cup of coffee.
Do you like peanut butter?
Where's your other brother?
I know that Tom likes basketball.
Do you know of a good motel in the area?
Tom has forgotten his umbrella again.
These toys are very popular.
My birthday is October 20th.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship.
I was too tired to go on.
I don't like spiders.
The city is asleep.
Tom studies at Harvard.
How do I get to the zoo?
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
Tom is pretty good at chess.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are coming back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom wants to be a diplomat.
The house is red.
I should learn French.
Please speak French.
Your things are all here.
There are a lot of people here.
Do you need a grater?
An actress fainted right in the middle of the play.
Sometimes I'm right and sometimes I'm wrong.
Are you working today?
I want to know why you did that.
Where's the train station?
She threw a pillow at him.
Do you think our team will win?
Do you eat rice every day?
Do you have a stopwatch?
You have beautiful lips.
I can't lose!
I think Tom doesn't like to ski.
I thought Tom was sick.
Here's your order.
We agreed.
Be brave.
We went to the zoo.
Hebrew is my native language.
Did it snow yesterday?
Tom passed away last year.
I'm so jealous!
Seventy percent of the British people don't speak a second language.
I have to impress Tom.
Esperanto has no exceptions.
He cut the apple in two.
I have enough.
The printer doesn't work.
This building belongs to my family.
Have you told your mother?
The mayor won the election.
I was really curious.
I finally found out what happened.
Tom wants to get married again.
They say she's dead.
How do you form the plural of nouns?
It's extremely ugly.
It's unusually ugly.
Tom borrowed my bike.
I got a telescope for my birthday.
It was boring.
I am Bulgarian.
She made it look easy.
That's only a temporary solution.
I want you to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom went to Boston for a week.
Tom pretended to be Canadian.
Tom isn't really Canadian.
They're very busy.
Tom saw that Mary was busy.
I still need to buy some bread.
Tom wants to buy a Japanese car.
I don't like cats.
Nothing's been changed.
Tom loves chocolate.
Tom is taller than any of the other kids in his class.
I learned something today.
I learned something today, but I don't remember what it was.
I've never seen her around here.
Tom said he didn't drink coffee.
I smell coffee.
I've got Tom's address somewhere on my computer.
Tom is a very good cook.
This is one of the best schools in the country.
Tom has been watching TV all day.
Stay with us for a few days.
I went to see a movie with Tom after work.
I went to see a movie with Tom after school.
Tom claims he shot Mary in self-defense.
Is Tom aware of what Mary did?
Tom had expected something quite different.
Tom doesn't often do his homework before dinner.
Tom didn't do the dishes.
My little toe hurts.
My children don't speak French.
Can you translate this for me?
Tom always does that for me.
Tom didn't remember me.
The nurses were very nice to me.
Tom didn't want to sit next to me.
We're Hungarians.
I have four children.
I want to eat something tasty.
Tom didn't say a word to me.
Tom is now very angry with me.
Who wants to come with me?
I'm glad that the rain has stopped.
I don't like ice cream.
I must work tonight.
Meat or fish?
Let's meet in front of the library.
Tom is a renowned chef.
Tom is very hard on himself.
Tom vanished without a trace.
Tom sold his house.
I felt betrayed.
The chicken is undercooked.
The chicken is raw.
I bought some Christmas presents today.
Many people like to travel.
This blue backpack is heavy.
Putin is a dickhead!
No, I'm not angry with you.
Mary asked Tom to shave off his beard.
Money can't buy friends.
The law applies to everyone.
Tom, put the bowl into the microwave.
I feel lonely in this town.
A book is always an acceptable gift.
I was okay.
Math was never my strength.
I don't know Tom's age.
This development is casting a larger and larger shadow over the chemical industry as well.
He opened up his heart to her.
I like the sun.
Winter came.
Let some fresh air in.
Your letter has arrived too late.
This is one of the best schools in the city.
I thought the food was too greasy.
Tom fired his secretary.
This neighborhood is very scary.
This isn't my key.
My nephew is getting married tomorrow.
Tom will explain it to you.
My neighbor is nice.
I've heard a lot about it.
I don't like oysters.
Don't you like fish?
How do I get to the station from here?
I had to lie to everyone.
Tom and Mary are inseparable.
I think that price is reasonable.
Where should we hide?
Let's find another place.
Can I bring a friend?
My passport is no longer valid.
Why do you want this job?
I put three teaspoons of sugar in your tea.
Why did you only stop the foreigners?
Their friendship gradually turned into love.
I'm not good at telling jokes.
After supper, I washed the dishes.
What's your diagnosis?
Where did you see him?
He has taken a shower.
He's extremely romantic.
Tom is in pretty good shape for his age.
I like pretty things.
It's a complete disaster.
It's a complete disaster!
It was a complete disaster.
I wish Tom was here.
That chalk isn't yellow.
We want to become famous.
Is German a Romance language?
Beer contains hops.
Some Arabs are Christians.
You drove.
At first, I mistook you for your brother.
This is a tree.
I go to the market.
You don't need to panic.
Life is full of confusing things.
Do you know how to tie your shoes?
You've got to work together.
School is over... for now.
The dishes got sent to the wrong table.
I have homework to do.
Your eyes are very beautiful.
This movie was very interesting.
Angels have two wings; the Devil has a tail.
She will arrive around noon.
How old was she in the first photo?
You have an infectious disease.
Are things OK with you?
The old book was moldy.
She tried not to look at him.
Tom tried not to look at Mary.
This grocery store only sells organic food.
Have you read this yet?
The first snow fell today.
Today is her first day of school.
The students didn't know how to give an answer.
Everything is extremely simple.
Is this your first investigation?
Is this your first examination?
Tomorrow is my first day of work.
I have to get used to it first.
We are compatriots.
He doesn't have the courage.
I have a sharp pain in the stomach.
I will be busy tomorrow.
Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.
I forgot to write the address on the envelope.
Have you ever written a computer program?
Writing love letters isn't easy for me.
Tom taught Mary how to write songs.
Have you written your report?
I have a thesis to write.
I write almost every day.
You should write a novel.
Who taught you to write?
Tom is good at writing.
Tom writes very well.
You are not trustworthy.
Men talk about women all the time.
Do any of your friends play guitar?
Do you play any instruments?
How many instruments do you know how to play?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
I don't know much about Australia.
Do you have any news for me?
That's my problem, not yours.
There was only one small problem.
It was a warm summer evening.
It was a warm summer night.
It's very hard for me to trust anyone.
He hesitated for a second.
She hesitated for a second.
She was a very demanding girlfriend.
I hate Sunday! It's a horrible day!
Will you give me some time?
Everyone wants what they can't have.
I couldn't stop crying.
Now isn't a very good time.
Rainy season begins in June.
I'm tired of arguing.
Tom is extremely patient.
Did you like Boston?
Tom almost looks like a girl.
We should bring another bottle of wine.
Let's wait a while.
Where is my suitcase?
Where did you find the keys?
I often lie about my age.
They were so happy together.
Life without books is unimaginable.
There's no reason to panic.
The city was rebuilt after the war.
The city was damaged during the war.
The city was beautiful before the war.
I didn't want to disappoint my parents.
Tom works in advertising.
It is a fish.
Is it true that you weren't here yesterday?
Would you like to go with me?
History is written by the victors.
History is written by the winners.
I wish you were here with me.
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Are you still jealous?
Mine's bigger than yours.
Help! Police! Help!
Are they really friends?
Mary is a wedding planner.
Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.
I'm learning Korean.
What's Tom drinking?
Do you think the situation will improve?
Tom took a taxi to the hospital.
The amoeba is a single-celled organism.
I want to improve my English.
I want to improve my French.
I want to improve my German.
I want to improve my Italian.
I want to improve my Spanish.
I want to improve my Greek.
I want to improve my Tagalog.
I'd like to improve my Cebuano.
This looks like an attempt at rephrasing a well-known English proverb.
Welcome to Wikipedia.
How long is the Nile River?
We can!
Rape is a horrible crime.
Ask dad!
The ray of reason must expand again.
The construction work is coming to an end.
May I open the window?
I waited for Tom for three hours, but he never came.
The post office is closed today.
Tom is fat.
Every language sees the world in a different way.
Do you speak English? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Do you speak Italian? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Do you speak Greek? - Not yet, that's my first lesson!
Who's that girl sitting over there?
I want to earn a lot of money.
My dad is very strict.
There is one thing that I don't understand.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
I worry about my future.
You know I hate it.
I'm drinking water.
You're a good journalist.
Tomás spends too much time working.
Is Tomás still working?
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.
How is your job search going?
Is there something you want to buy?
He is unpredictable.
I'm very sorry for being late.
That's what I've been saying all along.
Ready!
The book you gave me is very interesting.
We all have our secrets.
This car is his.
I don't want to live in a big city.
Are there beautiful women here?
Is this really spaghetti?
Crocodiles are mysterious animals.
I would like to call my embassy.
It looks like it'll rain today.
Fill out the questionnaire.
I have a laptop.
I'm not a child anymore.
Everything is becoming more and more complicated.
I know Tom's sister.
I love learning other languages.
He wants to become a teacher.
This dog bites.
Why was money invented?
I'll write to you soon.
We can't promise anything.
Were you with my father today?
I'm so happy to finally be back home.
I've still got a lot to learn.
I wasn't at home when the baby took its first steps.
Impossible!
Yesterday, I put honey in my tea.
Are they the people you saw yesterday?
I don't like sand.
I hate him, too.
I hate her, too.
I have no son.
The president was nice enough to respond to my letter.
I forgot my pencil case at home.
My feet are always cold.
Squirrels are quick learners.
They never gave up.
Jump down.
Jump across.
He looks just like his father.
Did you buy flowers?
Is someone knocking on the door?
She gave him everything she owned.
No, that's not true.
Almost all the doors were closed.
Why did you become a police officer?
What's the name of the highest mountain in Germany?
We all have to eat.
The weather is getting nice again.
I'm going to miss this place.
I don't study as much as I should.
Could you knock a little off the price?
This is a bit embarrassing.
We arrived three days ago.
I hate my boss.
He always wears a blue shirt.
We were tired.
We were ready.
We admire you.
Tom may change.
Tom loved it.
It's not new.
It scared me.
I'm Canadian, too.
They wouldn't have recognized Tom.
I am no longer hungry.
She was wearing pink panties under the skirt.
We will fight.
We all cheered.
Tom has talent.
Tom died at 65.
They're young.
They'll grow.
They won't die.
That's not love.
That's doable.
That was ours.
Life is crazy.
I have no kids.
Do they work here?
If you want quality, pay for it.
He noticed that I was there.
Is this ethical?
Is this correct?
I'm retired, too.
I was horrified.
I want that job.
I slept all day.
I see a pattern.
I liked this book.
I knew everyone there.
I hope it rains.
I can't feel it.
Everyone agreed.
Do I look tired?
Are you envious?
It's never too late to make amends for harm done.
A solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
Sleep well, Timmy.
Laughing is really good for you.
I remember it.
I don't know what his name is.
This word is difficult.
Is love just a game to you?
We live in Hungary.
He sells vegetables.
It's half past three.
I want to see your picture.
What do you want to know about Turkey?
She hates Facebook.
I am not fat!
Mary is my wife.
Everyday life can get a bit monotonous at times.
The bodies of reptiles are covered by scales.
Grammar is very difficult.
I'm going out today.
He emptied his glass in one gulp.
I feel ugly.
No one will come.
We want to speak with Tom.
Tom is a true hero.
We should go to sleep.
She has asthma.
I have an elephant.
Water freezes at zero Celsius, right?
I'm allergic to corn.
I love this language.
Get out of here before I throw you out!
I don't work today.
Enjoy your food.
She is not jealous.
Was anyone in the bar?
Mary is bisexual.
Italians eat pasta.
He humiliated her.
Tom has no empathy.
I once lived in Beijing, but now live in Seoul.
There are a lot of sentences without any translation.
I like all languages.
Before I go to Paris for work, I need to improve my French.
Cheese can easily be cut with a knife.
Tom kept his opinion to himself.
This is a boy.
Walk!
Are you a translator?
I doubt that he's a lawyer.
Greek is a difficult language.
Stop immediately.
I am a child.
I can't lie.
They're in the library.
Tom slept on an inflatable mattress.
How weird!
Shut up, you're distracting me.
Tom doesn't hate you, Mary.
He hates me. And I hate him!
This piece of information is very important to us.
You're my only hope.
Tom got stuck.
The snow is white.
You are very shy.
Who made the sun?
The children understand everything.
Tom loves partying.
The plane had five hundred passengers on board.
Today is the fifth of March.
The bear has a short tail.
Do you have time?
The child cries instead of laughing.
Oh no, you have revealed our secret!
Press any key to continue.
Does your wife have a passport?
Kiss me, you fool!
It was one of the best experiences of my life.
I don't want to play anymore.
I missed you guys so much!
I saw Tom dancing with another girl.
What would they do without us?
The appliance is wonderfully simple to operate.
I don't feel safe here anymore.
Orthography is very important.
Happiness is a choice.
I have five friends.
Thanks, Sherlock.
Many refugees are trying to reach Europe.
Marie had a cat.
Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid.
What can I eat?
Esperanto is much easier than Interlingua.
Maybe Tom is stupid.
I'll see you in court.
This is my sentence.
Children can't drink wine.
We tried.
I am not a native speaker.
Taiwan is the democratic China.
Of course you can.
Absolutely!
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
We've never had this problem before.
Tom has the experience necessary.
Tom has a 13-year-old sister.
They have plenty of money.
We have three options.
Tom has a half-sister.
We have a dishwasher.
No one had umbrellas.
We have a website.
We have bananas.
There were too many children in the pool.
English is a compulsory subject.
Your behavior is intolerable.
The stripes were horizontal.
Sugar is bad for your teeth.
Everything was so beautiful.
Our dogs were poisoned.
Is it really necessary?
Tom was a drug addict.
The concert was awful.
It's very comfortable.
There is an antidote.
Are you in Australia?
Tom is truly gifted.
This is our country.
Family is important.
Tom isn't a racist.
No one was at home.
It's not very good.
It's all our fault.
It wasn't that big.
Is that deliberate?
Everybody is alive.
Are you still sick?
There is no limit.
The dog is asleep.
That's the danger.
Everything is new.
Everything is bad.
Which is cheaper?
Tom was a friend.
It's a sad story.
Family is family.
Why are you sad?
Tom was sobbing.
Tom was awesome.
Tom was ready.
What a hypocrite!
The three were arrested.
No questions were asked.
Tom was born there.
Tom believed it.
I love that book.
I needed a break.
We bought a house.
What caused the problem?
Things can change quickly.
Things can change.
We have changed.
It all changed.
Is the battery fully charged?
The restaurant is closed.
We were very close.
No one has come.
Draw your own conclusions.
I cried, too.
My flight was delayed.
Everything depends on money.
It was depressing.
Tom deserves much better.
No one deserves that.
Another man has died.
We were disappointed.
We don't have time to do that now.
Tom doesn't have a dad.
What did Tom drink?
It does happen.
Did Tom sing?
What'll you eat?
The engine is overheating.
We were very excited.
Everybody is excited.
What happened was unexpected.
Nothing unexpected happened.
I already feel better.
I felt comfortable.
I feel comfortable.
I feel protected.
I felt good.
I found it funny.
I can't find Tom.
No one was fired.
There are too many of us to fit into one taxi.
We lost everything in the flood.
I'm afraid of flying.
I followed you.
I was really frustrated.
They were frustrated.
I got hot.
Give me your watch.
My parents wanted me to go to college.
It happens frequently.
Tom helped again.
Tom helps Mary.
My legs are hurting.
My favorite sport is baseball.
My stepfather was diabetic.
I'm still not impressed.
I use Google every day.
My country needs me.
I live in Australia.
I saw that tonight.
You make me laugh.
I'm not the boss.
I have one child.
I like red wine.
I like these.
We were impressed.
Nobody was interested.
The investigation is ongoing.
Our investigation is ongoing.
They were professional killers.
No one was killed.
Now you know why.
Tom learned sign language.
Tom no longer trusts anyone.
Love is everything.
Our cat is missing.
Not everyone noticed.
Were you on the train?
The train was on time.
No system is perfect.
Tom plays football.
Thanks for your report.
We respect them.
The rules are simple.
It was very scary.
Tom was selected.
Someone is singing.
Tom is studying in Boston.
We have suppliers.
They were surprised.
We will survive.
Tell us the truth.
Thank you for watching.
They have plenty of time.
Tom must be tired now.
How was your trip to Australia?
Now it's Tom's turn.
We understand this.
We understand why.
Who else uses it?
Wait till next year.
Tom will probably win.
We can win.
There are no witnesses.
Should we be worried?
I've forgotten the name.
I like your truck.
They won't have arrived yet.
Ken dreamed of Tom.
I'm not waiting for you.
My telephone number is 9876-5432.
Classes start on Monday.
You don't need to answer this question.
Have you ever seen a swift?
I read this book when I was in college.
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.
What happened? You look pale.
Go on, Tom, I'm listening.
This letter isn't addressed to you.
We can't afford that anymore.
It's an abuse of power.
Everyone was screaming.
Tom looks like a girl.
That's not the answer.
I'll see Tom tomorrow.
Tom taught me French.
Is it an action movie?
Tom led the attack.
Tom didn't appear.
Tom came too late.
Tom answered back.
That girl is Mary.
I'm very lazy.
Eat while it's warm.
Today's Tom's birthday.
I will be glad to come.
She often changes her mind.
I'm going to have to dye my hair.
Am I that transparent?
I hid it under the mattress.
That's not exactly what I said.
This old trick still works.
Everybody is against me.
Everyone is against me.
Sad!
I accept your conditions.
My brother is in love with you.
I gave him detailed instructions.
We have a garden in front of our house.
I translate from Russian into Kazakh.
It's hard to steal from a thief.
The cellphone is an invention we can't live without.
I want to write a lot of sentences.
I was too small.
What do you think about Tatoeba?
Gotcha.
I'm not into Asian guys.
Have you tried online dating?
Is the movie theater near the station?
I'm not a robot.
Do we need anything else?
Mary decorated the cake.
Scientists have found water on Mars.
Let's go by taxi.
How can I contribute to this project?
This is delicious. What is it?
She seemed to enjoy it.
My girlfriend is pregnant and she wants to keep the baby.
Her mother started screaming.
The cake is delicious.
There is nothing left to eat.
I really enjoy your company.
The faucet is dripping.
What am I?
Everybody likes french fries.
I often go there to meditate.
Everyone gossips.
Stop gossiping.
This vase is very fragile.
She was an actress.
I'll work hard.
I can't believe I didn't get invited.
Why did you do it, Tom?
The princess is waiting.
They hid behind the tree.
You hid behind the tree.
We're back from China.
Marie's back from China.
Artificial intelligence is a broad field encompassing numerous technologies and applications.
Do they hate me?
Is the university library open now?
I should've known it was a waste of time.
You spend too much time in front of your computer.
I'm not a native speaker.
How?
Is that blood?
My cat is white.
Tom was a credible witness.
Eat more slowly.
Mom, hurry up! Everyone's waiting.
It's 8:30.
Damn! I forgot to buy rice.
I live in New Zealand.
Tom has a lot of enemies.
Many people admire Nikko.
Tom got his teeth whitened.
I love Russia.
Describe him.
Describe her.
I'll show you how it works.
It's been two years since she left me.
When is Halloween?
Where's the mistake?
What's my room number?
I have to study for tomorrow's French test.
Why don't we just cancel the meeting?
Your anger is completely justified.
Tom says that he's willing to help.
Tom doesn't owe anybody anything.
What are they complaining about?
The contract expires next year.
Safety is the primary concern.
We need to change the system.
Tom didn't have to do this.
Tom isn't serious, is he?
They're speaking French.
That's clearly not true.
Tom is teaching French.
Don't let the dog out.
Tom has friends here.
Tom has a good heart.
Tom won first prize.
Tom isn't a student.
Tom is a bad person.
Don't listen to Tom.
Who would buy this?
Tom is a bad coach.
Is your room clean?
Did you invite Tom?
We studied French.
We learned French.
Tom is a Canadian.
It belongs to Tom.
Tom is a dreamer.
Tom has problems.
Tom became angry.
We speak French.
Tom has a fever.
Tom is strange.
I love to cook.
Tom goofed.
Which one?
My bag is very heavy.
What kind of shampoo do you use?
That is not what I said at all.
I'd rather stay home and watch TV.
That was not very romantic.
Tom died from a drug overdose.
Hippopotamuses love water.
I don't like Christmas anymore.
Do not relay this information to Joana.
I never went back.
The chess pieces are pawn, knight, bishop, rook, queen, and king.
Cats have seven lives.
I will never understand.
She doesn't like fish.
Her breath reeks of alcohol.
I like this film.
I see what the problem is.
I was shy.
Tom makes more money than his parents.
Can you read this without your glasses?
Do you like Asians?
Larry Ewing is married.
She has no sense of humor.
Describe Tom.
I have a terrible hangover.
Tom gave me several books.
Someone stole Tom's money.
Tom has decided to sell his car.
All we need is water.
Listening to him exhausts me.
The cat is sitting on the desk.
Germany is in Central Europe.
He's my son.
Is Sicily very close to Malta?
The Armenian genocide was a tragic event.
Mission accomplished.
Drink something.
We need to cancel the meeting.
All I want to do now is sleep.
Mary yodels.
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower.
Tom asked me whether I was hungry.
I don't feel like getting up.
Have you seen my pen?
Of course not!
Of course yes!
How is that spelled?
Is money important to you?
What is your favourite bird?
I hate vacations.
Tom believes everything Mary says.
Tom didn't understand Mary's joke.
Tom asked Mary why she was so late.
Tom wondered why his wife left him.
Why are you not with me?
Sylvia lives in Alsace.
They play a lot together.
Tom wouldn't allow me to help him.
She ate well.
Not everyone is like you.
Translating is exhausting.
I'm in prison.
She prefers blood oranges.
I love my house.
I currently live in Boston.
This is my brother, Tom.
Does Tom know French?
I don't trust talkative people.
Why don't we take a short break?
I think we'll get off at the next station.
The houses along the river are very old.
I'm from Japan.
Welcome to your new home.
I don't want to swim.
Exactly!
There aren't as many trains at night.
Compasses point north.
I don't drive often.
We don't trust the government.
Tom is afraid of making mistakes.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom is.
Tom has his own room.
I hate celery.
A pocket with a hole in it will never be full.
I hate school! I'm not going.
Is that a bird?
I hate school.
No one knows your secrets.
Tom is also very famous in Australia.
There's no one like you.
I have your diary.
"And what if I say ""no""?"
She's no heroine.
Please give me the menu.
Speak louder!
Have some more.
Try it.
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.
My home is far away.
I don't have a guitar.
Tom teaches French to my children.
Tom said that he doesn't regret his decision.
Eat it.
Good dog!
Jesus welcomes you.
Are you sure this thing is safe?
It cannot be described in words.
They can add a literal translation.
Tom is the tallest man I know.
Tom is the smartest one in our class.
Tom is taller than Mary.
I fasted.
I bought a lot of things.
My mother is a crazy woman.
Is it going to rain today?
Tom isn't a bad boy.
Life is our greatest wealth.
I speak German well.
I think Mary's skirt's too long.
You've changed a lot.
If they find us, we're dead.
Don't confuse astrology with astronomy.
Do you remember who I am?
Boston is a big city.
According to the radio, it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom isn't on Facebook.
Is Tom from Boston?
Do you weigh more than Tom?
I didn't need his help.
Why are you sleeping?
My father was an actor.
My mother is making dinner.
When's Tom arriving?
I paid him last week.
She is sitting.
Look, a squirrel!
Everything is connected.
This looks like a good spot for fishing.
What's he doing here?
You stink.
I'd like to dance.
When does his plane take off?
She is at home.
Tom is the defending champion.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
I'm sure that it'll be fun.
The road is slippery.
There was a lot at stake.
I hate Christmas.
They never forget to send their mother a gift on her birthday.
I am eating bread.
He died.
Thank you for your detailed explanation.
Me!
He faded into the fog like the memory of a ghost long forgotten.
He closed the shop.
Who's your favorite player?
I've never seen this place so deserted.
Unfortunately, the report is correct.
Unfortunately, that's true.
Did they sign?
The more we learn, the more we forget.
They were chosen at random.
I know Esperanto.
Tom has resigned.
All of us are disappointed.
How did they do that?
That didn't help us.
Where do we go now?
We need to do this.
We love what we do.
We did a good job.
Do you eat a lot?
I think I've done well.
Where is the butter?
Why aren't we doing that?
I don't like working here.
Are you learning English?
We don't need these things.
Did anyone else notice this?
Everyone did a fabulous job.
We didn't do much yesterday.
I don't regret anything.
They're just doing their job.
Tom doesn't even like driving.
Tom hasn't made much progress.
This doesn't happen very often.
You didn't drink that water, did you?
Tom doesn't make enough money to support his family.
Tom didn't promise me anything.
That didn't surprise me, either.
Don't let this ruin your friendship.
Esperanto is the language of love.
The soldiers filled the sandbags with sand.
The first rays of the sun tore the cloudy veil and the outline of a rocky island appeared.
There are many possible explanations.
There are several possible explanations.
This is extremely important.
Tom makes me feel safe.
I find that very interesting.
It often rains here.
I have three tickets.
You go too, please. We can't go without you.
We've got a great team.
The other team has some really good players.
Is it hot outside?
Is it going to snow?
I'm not going to name names.
Prices will certainly go up.
We'll have to postpone the meeting.
I'm studying several languages.
They're treating me like a child.
We can open the windows.
I'm saving as much as I can.
I almost never watch TV.
Come down.
Tom lost most of his belongings in the fire.
Tom would've been very proud of you.
Shouldn't we ask Tom?
Can I open the curtain?
This happened for a reason.
It's never happened to me.
Maria named her dog Rex.
We are writing.
Where are you, Charles?
Is this cage meant to protect against sharks?
Why are you still up? You should get to bed.
I hate people who talk like that.
She always showed up too soon.
She always arrived too early.
He lives in New York.
She has an oval face.
Could you lower the volume of the television?
How many times do I need to repeat it?
I'm rarely invited to parties.
Do you have a large family?
She did not find it funny.
The house was very dusty.
This painting is a forgery.
Where did you find that dress?
Tom said that he didn't want to be disturbed.
Tom is learning programming.
I hope this isn't true.
Tom seems to be an honest person.
I don't care if our team wins or not.
I don't want to be like that.
Who's the fastest one here?
I saw the red light.
This wine is over a year old.
The computer is often compared to the human brain.
I'm used to it now.
I'm a purist.
Becky is by far the best nurse in the whole hospital.
I went too far.
No one answers.
You're not paying attention.
Here's what I think.
God exists, but he forgot the password.
I've learned a lot from Tom.
I've learned so much.
I've learned a lot.
I wish I were wrong.
I know it's a surprise.
I know what I like.
She is looking for an apartment.
I have no proof.
I really have a problem.
I really like to read.
I think this is good.
I want to resign.
I'm really proud of that.
At what time will you be leaving?
Who's Tom? Is he your new boyfriend?
You shouldn't eat just before you go to bed.
My mother never liked me.
Music is important to me.
I've already written to Tom.
I thought you were happy here.
My father likes his coffee strong.
What a nice house!
The battle lasted a week.
Tom was sitting behind me.
This is my third marriage.
You don't look very well. Are you sick?
I think it's a possibility.
I think everybody is ready.
I probably won't watch TV tonight.
JavaScript is a programming language.
I have never seen him.
The truth doesn't always win.
I don't live in Helsinki.
Mary agreed.
I drink beer.
Thomas swam.
I think that's really important.
I think they're happy.
This will take time.
Patience begins where it ends.
Evidently not.
Long live the king!
I hate work.
None of us knew the answer.
Why were you so slow?
Tom is such a coward.
We want to live here.
We have three of them.
Tom tried to save Mary.
This is where we live.
This is a good system.
No, I don't sing.
I hate to travel.
I want a bed next to the window.
How much is that worth?
It was a stressful day.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
His brother is always watching television.
Is that possible now?
You won't be able to prove it.
We were a little tired.
How long will this last?
That's not a good thing.
This is a real surprise.
Mary was sleeping.
Add more water.
Tom used to play guitar.
Tom hates foreigners.
Tom is no expert.
Why are you angry at me?
A coconut is not a nut.
She laughed.
You were right to worry.
That was three months ago.
The grammar of Esperanto is very simple.
Esperanto grammar is very simple.
I'm the same.
Tom is as old as Mary.
It is the same book as the one I have.
He did not say a word.
That planet imploded.
It is not as simple as it seems.
I'm not a specialist.
Have you ever been there?
Here?
I love this store.
Tom lost his job just before Christmas.
We've spent too much money.
Tom is a British citizen.
Why do zebras have stripes?
Where's Tom's father?
What's the problem now?
What's in the fridge?
We're about the same age.
We have nothing to lose.
The train was very crowded.
Reality is just a point of view.
The dog was barking.
I'm wondering what'll happen if I push this button.
Tom said he was afraid.
She might have seen it.
Tom is already waiting.
This is a terrible thing.
This is a dangerous road.
"We call this city ""Little Tokyo."""
You work with Mary.
Everyone has their own point of view.
There must be a solution.
I haven't downloaded the file yet.
Would you forgive me?
Everyone should like that.
What do you like to read?
Just a second. Let me finish.
If I were you, I'd start immediately.
Everyone must do their own work.
This cork refuses to come out.
He told me his father was a doctor.
How did they go to town?
I misspelled the word.
Why did you interfere in an affair that did not concern you at all?
The church bell is ringing.
I'm not in the office today.
I'm not at work today.
Australia isn't Austria.
Property is theft.
I love trees, said the squirrel.
It's not a secret anymore.
It's not always like that.
It's not always like this.
Life is hard for everybody.
It's still snowing in Boston.
What language do you speak?
There are a lot of people in the waiting room.
She went to school by car.
What do they sell?
What was the real problem?
You are the salt of the earth.
No one is laughing.
Tom's father's name is John.
The water is really dirty.
Tom has a meeting tomorrow.
Compared to our house, his is virtually a palace.
Lead is dangerous.
I've already eaten enough.
With whom did you talk?
I speak Esperanto.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
No one is coming with me.
There's a small problem.
That's what they always say.
Who likes reading books?
Tom stole the ring.
Tom was really friendly.
They're quicker than we are.
Tom's family was also there.
Tom thought Mary was kidding.
Tom hasn't eaten anything yet.
We take that very seriously.
Is that really important?
Isn't this what you wanted?
There's no student discount.
I'm not crazy. You're the one who's crazy.
Does anybody here have a bottle opener?
We're very satisfied with it.
Tom's body has been cremated.
This is an important victory.
The village I live in is very small.
That's the reason we're here.
Get off my car.
Tom complained.
Tom hated Boston.
Tom ordered a pizza.
Do you have my book?
Tom speaks several languages.
Tom is Mary's youngest son.
Tom heard some shots.
Tom and Mary laughed.
Mary drove.
Tom lost his friends.
Tom is really ambitious.
I want to sleep!
The more I learn Esperanto, the more I like it.
Tom spent thirty days in jail.
Tom says he has a plan.
Tom decided to call the police.
I wonder why Tom left.
I still don't feel safe.
She buys bread.
Amsterdam is famous for its canals.
I can take care of that immediately.
Violence begins where patience ends.
I'm Ukrainian.
I hate flies.
We are finally free.
Tom's family lives in Australia.
You son of a bitch!
Is French your native language?
How dangerous is the situation?
Everyone needs to stay focused.
Will that make any difference?
Why is insurance so important?
Where do we need to go?
That's a very simple question.
Many people are still missing.
It's quite a simple idea.
Tom watches too much TV.
Understood?
Be patient!
My shoes squeak.
He lives here.
What color is your house?
Tom likes to fish.
Tom showed us how.
Tom swears a lot.
She doesn't like me.
That's not how the world works.
Tom wasn't drunk.
Tom isn't my enemy.
Tom drinks three cups of coffee a day.
Seawater is salty.
Do you want an apple?
Tom hasn't given us anything.
Tom has no principles.
I tore up all the letters that you wrote to me.
Tom died last October.
I'm colour-blind.
Women like colourful umbrellas.
What colour are they?
Tom isn't conservative.
Tom is still outside.
Tom is still dangerous.
Tom is our best player.
Tom is fighting cancer.
Tom is doing great now.
She reads.
Aren't you satisfied?
Tom doesn't smile often.
Tom doesn't believe it.
The game has been postponed.
I'm there.
What's your favourite food?
May I eat that orange?
Tom is a football player.
I'm departing this evening.
Tom is teaching me to paint.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
The trouble with quotes on the Internet is that you never know whether or not they are genuine.
The problem with quotes on the Internet is that it is hard to verify their authenticity.
I think it's good.
I want this phone.
Why does everyone think I'm stupid?
Tom was like a son to me.
We're very happy.
Tom's password was easy to guess.
That wasn't good.
We still have a long way to go.
Tom still comes here every day.
I've made my choice.
I got married three years ago.
We got married three years ago.
Tom works full time.
You drank a beer at lunch, didn't you?
You haven't said anything to Tom, have you?
Berlin is in Germany.
Paris is in France.
Tom is going to survive.
He has a cat.
I'm afraid of my boss.
Mary is poor.
Spiders have eight legs.
Where the hell are you?
Mary is learning.
Tom has a son named John.
The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer.
He opens the window.
You know why.
The leaves fall in autumn.
Blessed are the poor in spirit.
I also speak French.
I don't like trains.
I'm not religious.
I'd like a coffee.
I wasn't good enough.
I think they're lying.
I think everybody's hungry.
I made a lot of money.
I love this company.
I know a lot about it.
I have seen it a lot.
I wish I had a dog.
He's swimming.
My father didn't say anything.
I'm not satisfied yet.
I want the same.
I don't read.
The swift is a small migratory bird of the family Apodidae.
The policeman is in the car.
Let's not talk about this today.
Sleep is the best meditation.
Do you already know what to do?
I'm still not satisfied.
I already gave it to Tom.
I'm sorry to see Tom go.
I don't need a job.
Absolutely impossible.
I really like what I do.
I'm so proud of my team.
I have a better idea now.
Smile and be happy!
That rarely happens.
I want to go to school in Australia.
I want to sleep in my own bed.
I want to know what you'll do.
I want to come and live here.
I want to serve my country.
I want to go to Australia.
I'm not as rich as I used to be.
He left town.
Can you read?
Tom spends all his time on the computer.
How many hours are left?
I was so hungry that I ate it.
This bread smells really good.
Tom is poor and happy.
I live in Boston with my family.
I think that Tom should stay.
I was in prison for three years.
What does this mean for Tom?
Tom's death was preventable.
I'm in a good mood today.
We can't live without oxygen.
He invited me to lunch.
I still have a job to do.
I just want a little more sleep.
I just want a little more information.
I just want a little more variety in my life.
I just want a little more space.
What did you promise to do?
I hope to see you tomorrow.
Did you say yes or no?
We don't have a pool.
Spicy food makes me hiccup.
I just wanted to go home.
I know that Tom was right.
The telephone is red.
It's a thing women already know.
Tom learned to play Für Elise on the piano.
Für Elise is one of the first pieces that I learned to play on the piano.
Your hair is so pretty.
Tom's car is on fire.
The doors lock automatically.
The journey is more important than the destination.
One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.
I have blonde hair.
I've already started doing that.
I'm happy with what I've got.
You're three years younger than Tom.
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.
Tom is exactly three weeks old.
The cucumber is bitter? Then throw it away!
I have exactly the same dictionary.
I still don't have a plan.
I like to help my friends.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
I don't have a phone.
He kept on working.
I'm not going to go to Boston next week.
A new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels.
Our condolences.
He's a doctor.
The cold wind pained the tramp terribly.
How sweet!
That store is open all year.
How sad!
False.
Turn around!
I was painting.
I want to buy another one.
Tom and Mary are both Canadians.
The flowers are red.
Tom thanked Marie for her gift.
Look! A falling star!
Why is Tom acting so childish?
Who is your favourite singer?
Tom wants to become a priest.
I went to a Catholic school.
I was trying to lose weight.
I was sweating a little bit.
Tom wanted to learn to swim.
She is too young.
He is too young.
What we know is a drop. What we don't know is an ocean.
The water is not clean.
I have no one to play with.
Tom and Mary voted for John.
What'll you eat today?
My wife is Palestinian.
I don't know what we can do.
Tom will be back next week.
That made me think of you.
I don't like the tie that you're wearing.
The book is blue.
The horse is white.
I'll never be as good as Tom.
I think it's a dumb theory.
I ate a banana.
He's reading a novel.
No one told us.
Unfortunately, no one told us.
I drink his beer.
I have to learn.
You don't live in my neighbourhood.
I don't want to open the window.
People are very hospitable here.
You need a holiday.
I have enough!
This paper doesn't absorb ink.
I don't know anyone in Boston.
I know what men are like. They only want one thing.
I was quite lucky.
I know where the key is.
I'm from another planet.
You're disturbing my reading.
I'm very surprised.
Does the price include breakfast?
How did you change your clothes so quickly?
Is everything all right at home?
I don't think they like me.
The elevator stopped on the second floor.
I was completely devastated.
Tom took a shirtless selfie.
I like doing stuff like that.
I was present at the meeting.
I'm not going to go in there.
He's funny and charming.
Tom doesn't seem to know Mary.
She's a very timid girl.
I believe you have my umbrella.
I didn't have anything to drink.
Tom is obsessed with power and money.
Hi everyone, I'm Tom.
Hi everyone, I'm Mary.
I'm beyond happy!
Eating chocolate makes me feel happy.
Is that real blood?
The paleontologists are looking for fossils.
I read a lot of books last summer.
Tom likes being the center of attention.
We have an obesity problem in this country.
Obesity is a serious problem.
Does Tom still play the guitar?
Have you always been so selfish?
I run every morning.
I don't think Tom is in Boston.
I think Tom is still in Boston.
I will never tell anybody.
Tom died before his son was born.
Next!
I'm very strict.
The discipline of computational linguistics, at the intersection of linguistics and computer science, studies how to deal with human language with the help of artificial intelligence.
Come here!
Release him!
I did not write that.
I don't need a Facebook account in order to have friends.
She left Osaka yesterday.
I could not believe my eyes!
Carmen is a Spanish name.
Do you know where he is?
They admired each other.
I just heard another explosion.
Here's your beer.
I pay someone to clean my house.
Turtles don't have teeth.
Do you like this colour?
What colour is your car?
Blue is my favourite colour.
What colour do you like?
My favourite colour is orange.
I break nothing.
Children like to drink fruit juice.
I have no horse.
There are many craters on the moon.
The street was dark.
There are too many tourists.
This is a lie.
This isn't a ram, it's a goat!
My son!
I think our relationship is over.
Tom is a gymnast.
Do you like to run?
I rarely watch documentaries.
Is that dangerous?
Blood is red.
She doesn't like oranges.
Tom and Mary took a selfie together.
Mary and her friend took a selfie together.
Your blood is red.
Tom says he doesn't have any regrets.
Three people were slightly injured.
Didn't I tell you to close the door?
Mary's face was very pale.
Can I pay later?
You have lots of friends.
Are you cold? Here, take my coat.
I was more than a little embarrassed.
Doesn't he know me?
Working alone is no fun.
He is an early riser.
Walk.
Beware!
Arabic is not complicated.
My grandpa is sick.
It's water.
They buy bread.
We buy bread.
I like your books.
I love your books.
Lock it.
Did you close the window?
An old woman is crossing the street.
What's in those boxes?
The less he knows, the better.
Tom is courageous and fearless.
Guess who won.
No one answered the question.
Do you still need our help?
Hmm, maybe!
That's a tough question.
She helps her.
I just need a hug.
Tom solved the mystery.
Yes, I have read the book.
"Known is the opposite of ""unknown""."
The seats were comfortable.
I lied to protect you.
We eat eggs.
The gazelle ran away from the cheetah.
That's a controversial theory.
Tom gathered wood for the fire.
Every Thursday we go to the cinema.
I really love my job.
Tom and Mary have almost nothing in common.
Peace.
Wonderful.
Pardon?
All the girls love Tom.
There were no other survivors.
This is not a complete list.
He's looking at us.
Tom was bitten by a dog.
Tom slept without a pillow.
Pretty!
We talked about music.
This is a mosque.
Tom hates me as much as I hate him.
Elves have a strong connection to nature.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part, just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle. The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.
Why did you kiss Tom?
You seem happy today.
I always say that.
Can I speak to you in private?
We should go this way.
Tom should have said yes.
I had no friends except for Tom.
It'll break.
My dog has fleas.
We aren't always right.
Tom has a Ford.
I sat next to Tom.
That isn't French.
Why did I do this?
Sadly, I'm not a very good dancer.
The money is gone.
Anne won't be coming to our party.
Mary is my half-sister.
That's no surprise.
Tom played basketball when he was in college.
French is spoken here.
That's what I hope.
Delete this comment.
That store closed in 2013.
This is what I want to do.
This job pays pretty well.
Tom is daydreaming.
Now I am hungry.
I didn't do anything special.
Tom died in Australia in 2013.
This is a good place to camp.
This is a very complex issue.
I told Mary that I loved her.
That was somebody else's idea.
Tom must do it now.
I'll wait for you in the car.
We can do a lot better.
This first question is for you.
I'm no longer afraid of dogs.
Tom is the main character.
We'll be there by 2:30.
We're here on vacation.
We're pretty confident.
Never add fuel to the flames.
I'm no longer afraid of spiders.
We'll take a look at it.
Tom bought a gift for his daughter.
When do we eat?
We simply have no choice.
I read it in some book.
Tom found my bicycle.
Children love Halloween.
That's what we saw.
Tom has big lips.
Tom has charisma.
Tom hates sports.
Tom is a dentist.
It'll be ready soon.
Spare me the details.
It'll clear up soon.
Tom is a pianist.
I don't know this road.
We beat three teams.
Tom isn't a hero.
I like speaking French.
You love Christmas, don't you?
We can at least try.
Tom also has a brother.
Tom didn't like school.
That isn't my fault.
Tom gave me this watch.
It'll be very, very hot.
Tom often smiles.
Tom plays tennis.
Tom saved us all.
What nationality is Tom?
Will artificial intelligence grow to kill humankind?
They named their son Tom.
Maybe you should call the police.
Tom doesn't like mashed potatoes.
We're playing cards.
That's self-evident.
Whose phone number is this?
I learn French at school.
Tom is an atheist.
Tom works at a pizzeria.
Tom has come to see you.
I don't like that anymore.
I hate the desert.
Tom retires next spring.
My mother tongue is Hungarian.
We needed to do that.
We have a right to privacy.
I translate, therefore I am.
My native language is Hungarian.
I don't speak Hungarian.
I don't speak English very well.
Tom only drinks water.
My name is Tom. What's yours?
Mario grows bigger when he eats a mushroom.
Tom is a mathematician.
Tom is a celebrity chef.
Tom waited for thirty minutes.
It was one of the worst experiences of my life.
Tom wants to become a doctor.
It's not because things are difficult that we dare not venture. It's because we dare not venture that they are difficult.
Tom doesn't understand anything.
We're going to wait in the car.
These shoes are way too small for me.
Smile!
Tom married a Canadian girl.
We were expecting a lot of snow.
Tom likes classical music.
You have to organize your time.
I saw the house.
Do you know how many people live in Australia?
Iran doesn't have nuclear weapons.
I am still reading.
That's a bad sign.
Do you swim often?
We never swim.
I'm worried, too.
What's inside?
I like Chinese food.
Tom is a very shy boy.
I often go to the beach.
I'm prettier than Mary.
Tom is a soccer player.
You're not telling me the whole truth.
I like listening to Tom.
Tom is very kind to us.
What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
Tom is playing.
We are Dutch.
Tom is a dancing teacher.
Tom is a history teacher.
Tom isn't a good teacher.
Mars is a planet.
Have you ever seen Mary without makeup?
I have a lot of friends that can speak French well.
She got angry with us.
What is life?
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
I couldn't sleep because of the noise.
Where's the nearest tube station?
We have a book.
We've known each other for thirty years.
Tom drinks coffee every day.
Tom emigrated to Australia.
I think Tom stole my bicycle.
Tom gave me a vague answer.
Tom has enormous potential.
I told Tom that I was tired.
Are Tom and Mary your friends?
Tom is getting some coffee.
I'm not too worried about Tom.
Foremost, Esperanto is a friendly language.
Is French difficult?
Nice place.
I was very proud of that.
I don't think I'd like it.
I know that's not the truth.
I've thought a lot about this.
I hope Tom likes the gift we bought him.
I probably speak French better than Tom.
Tom isn't Mary's husband.
I don't want to live like that.
I don't want to waste my money.
My mother passed away recently.
Can you help me learn Esperanto?
She's with me.
Tom is an amateur photographer.
Tom isn't in a good mood today.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
We will never know.
Tom wasn't born rich.
I still make a lot of mistakes.
You should've come yesterday.
Mary isn't Tom's wife.
The common adder is ovoviviparous.
You're a very lucky man.
Are there any irregular verbs in Esperanto?
I live in Oslo.
Tom wrote a letter to Santa Claus.
The squirrel ate out of his hand.
I have nothing to say right now.
Tom is wearing a strange-looking hat.
My dress is ruined.
Is it always cold like this?
My car is parked outside.
Are you an angel?
Stop procrastinating.
Stop running!
You're Russian?
My house is tiny.
Tom is someone who can't be trusted.
Tom gave the police a false address.
The food was wonderful.
Tom doesn't like to talk about that.
Stay strong.
A big spider lives behind the chest of drawers.
It's almost Christmas.
Today's not Christmas.
What are you doing for Christmas?
Tom gave me this CD for Christmas.
I'll give Tom a shirt for Christmas.
I'll spend Christmas with my family.
All I want for Christmas is a guitar.
Tom helped his mother decorate the Christmas tree.
Have you done your Christmas shopping?
Tom turns 30 three days before Christmas.
Tom and Mary got married on Christmas Eve.
Tom and Mary decorated the Christmas tree.
Tom put a star on top of the Christmas tree.
Tom sings off key.
Tom doesn't read.
They prefer a window seat.
Tom lost control of the car.
American films are popular around the world.
American movies are popular around the world.
I played with Tom and Mary today.
Tom is too young to go to school.
The heart says yes but the mind says no.
Sleep!
Say it in German.
I lived in Australia for three years.
He is honest.
I thought Tom was wrong.
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.
How many Christmas cards did you send?
I really admire Tom.
Happy Chanukah.
The crystal clear water had a very pleasant temperature.
Dog food is expensive.
Santa Claus has many reindeer.
I was sure.
We knew we were better than that.
They can't track us anymore.
That was your first mistake.
I found it very interesting.
We're still in good shape.
Everybody breaks this law.
Tom really likes chocolate.
What a day.
Tom prefers dogs to cats.
Are dogs more intelligent than cats?
Are cats smarter than dogs?
We had so much fun together.
German winters are cold.
He is my son.
You make me so happy.
They had no children.
Tom, you're a genius.
Tom ran out of paper.
Tom is an experienced teacher.
Where are the hats?
Life is so strange.
It's disappointing.
Tom wasn't so sure.
Tom was very proud.
Tom is a born poet.
Can I do that here?
Tom smelled smoke.
I have no problem.
Tom was upstairs.
We know all this.
Tom killed a man.
I'm almost there.
Tom took photos.
We want to live.
Tom has friends.
Any suggestions?
Let me dream.
Use caution.
It doesn't cost anything.
This was a big mistake.
Where does Tom study?
We have to pay attention and listen.
My mom is proud of me.
The beach was crowded with tourists.
I hate interviews.
My name's Ricardo.
I forgot the address.
What's the address?
We haven't talked about it yet.
The woman was going home.
Have you ever tried to count the stars?
We won't have class next week.
Eggs are very fragile.
Barack Obama's mother, Ann Dunham, was an anthropologist.
She has her mother's eyes.
Tom is a trumpet player.
Will artificial intelligence be able to replace people?
Why are you doing this for me?
We accept your challenge.
Do you want a receipt?
We can't do that yet.
We can't allow this.
We aren't Canadians.
His neck is broken.
She was a famous actress.
Mary has beautiful handwriting.
I like this store.
I expected to see Tom yesterday.
I can't help anymore.
Tom was probably born in Boston.
I don't dance anymore.
She didn't seem to mind.
The flowers smell so good.
I think I'm crazy.
Tom won't answer the question.
I already know how to dance.
I'd rather not sing tonight.
I know that I didn't do that.
Call me back.
Tom loves Mary, but Mary loves Mike.
Mary doesn't love me anymore.
I hate doing things like this.
Tom put the key into the lock.
Tom probably missed his train.
I'd rather not sing that song.
Tom is one of Mary's students.
What about this dress?
I don't like watching TV.
Which horse did you bet on?
I believe in Santa Claus.
Listen, gentlemen.
Is that so weird?
I think he's in love with her.
Why don't we take a break?
Yoga helps to unwind.
It tickles.
I know I'm not perfect.
I'm looking for my dog.
I'm learning Aramaic.
Stop exaggerating.
I ran.
I won.
I paid.
I cried.
I drove.
I snore.
I swore.
I helped.
I jumped.
I moaned.
I nodded.
I paused.
I prayed.
I shaved.
I yawned.
I'm deaf.
I changed.
I cheated.
I frowned.
I giggled.
I relaxed.
I retired.
I shouted.
I slipped.
I stopped.
I was ill.
I'll come.
I canceled.
I listened.
I whistled.
I disagreed.
I hesitated.
I made rice.
I broke that.
I have a boat.
I have asthma.
I can't work today.
The future is the result of the present.
I don't put sugar in my tea.
I need a coat.
Tom has bigger hands than me.
How far away is the library?
How much do a dozen eggs cost?
We didn't bury the treasure here.
I have a lawyer.
I never was overweight.
I can't do that today.
I've already explained that to Tom.
I was too ambitious.
I'm not infallible.
I enjoy doing that.
I have a piano.
I drank a beer.
Are you still thirsty?
I'm back home.
I had a good job.
How old are Tom and Mary?
I don't like swimming very much.
I was on duty.
I was in a coma.
Dress warmly.
Tom is stoned.
Tom is harmless.
My radio is broken.
Tom's family is in Boston.
I have a big nose.
I can't read yet.
I know you still love me.
I don't do much.
I have enough time.
I'm a doctor now.
I'm with friends.
I deliver pizzas.
I'll be back on Monday.
I hate everybody.
I want to take this with me.
Tom rested.
I'm getting angry.
I was very thirsty.
I helped everybody.
I have friends here.
I sometimes break the rules.
I unplugged the TV.
I've decided to study French.
This is my favorite color.
Why don't you invite her here?
Do you speak Portuguese?
Where's the beach?
I'm not a singer.
That's my seat.
Look what I found in the garden.
I still have plenty of time.
I'm not a very good artist.
I'm making breakfast now.
French isn't that hard.
I fell off the ladder.
I don't eat much meat.
I know that you're vegetarians.
I was waiting.
Why do you want me to stop?
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.
Who wrote that poem?
I should've studied more.
You never seem to spend much time helping others.
You're very important to me.
I've never eaten raw fish.
I'm writing a new book.
I'm not as brave as Tom.
I made many mistakes.
The question arises: does the AI really understand Chinese, or is it merely simulating the ability to do so?
Consequently, people prefer not to live in the centre because it's simply not convenient.
What is the difference between a samurai and a ninja?
I studied in Boston.
I love French fries.
My German is terrible.
My Italian is terrible.
My Russian is terrible.
My Japanese is terrible.
The woman has five children.
They eat sunflower seeds while playing cards.
Her novels sold well.
In a word, you hate me, right?
There's no more time to waste.
I feel happy and satisfied.
Why do dogs howl?
Esperanto is a constructed language.
Esperanto is a planned language.
In Malta they speak Maltese.
Tom won the Tour de France.
I almost spilled coffee on my keyboard.
Cheetahs cannot climb trees.
I want to go to Ashgabat.
I like Esperanto.
A mysterious chamber has been discovered inside the pyramid.
It wasn't a secret.
"What happened? ""It's a long story."""
We're learning Spanish.
Fight!
Little Red Riding Hood took the basket that her grandma had woven and put it on her arm.
Is that a zebra?
Luck plays an important role in our life.
It's very important to drink much water.
I am Ricardo.
This makes me a bit sad.
Everyone knew.
I love Tom and at the same time I hate him.
The hand has five fingers.
What age are you?
Where's the library?
Stop humming.
She stopped breathing.
I think I'm on the wrong bus.
The box is big and heavy.
Tom was yelling.
They are swimming.
I love strawberries!
Do you believe in Santa Claus?
Have some pizza.
Buy!
Sell!
Sing!
We finally managed to persuade her.
Is it possible to help Tom?
Pull it.
Push it.
Burn it.
Kill it.
Bury it.
Touch it.
Lift your leg.
Destroy it.
Destroy them.
This is where it all started.
Layla paid for the taxi.
Fold it.
Why didn't you call me earlier?
Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea.
Plants need water and sunlight.
It's a village.
Why do bumblebees buzz?
What is an onomatopoeia?
My cat meows all the time.
What's the Wi-Fi password?
Tom is a pirate.
Why is no one doing that?
I don't want to do that now.
Why did you buy that?
Dolphins are playful animals.
I wish that you were here with me.
Layla is back.
Breathe!
Breathe in.
Exhale.
Let me know if you change your mind.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Aren't you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Aren't you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I'm leaving this town.
Work!
Aren't you afraid of dogs?
You are selling your soul.
The queen must die.
Does your carpet match your drapes?
It was a new experience for everyone.
I don't want to go to school anymore.
Peel the apple.
Was that too hard?
He confessed.
She confessed.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all Canadians.
He is my king.
Tom is Mary's hero.
Tom and Mary went to an expensive restaurant.
Life in prison is a slow death.
I'm learning lots of languages.
I do not believe there is an easy language. For me, all of them are difficult.
I don't like meat.
He didn't come.
Tom hasn't eaten anything today.
No man is perfect.
The situation is getting worse every day.
Where is my mobile?
Where's my mobile?
We have a new house.
Think.
This film is very interesting.
Done?
He smoked.
I can.
Is she breathing?
She's just left.
Why are you apologizing?
Stories like that fascinate me.
You crossed the street.
I am in Berlin.
I like this girl.
Someone took my stuff.
These objects are very useful.
My brother often cries.
Someone's in our garage.
Somebody is in our garage.
I'm always cautious.
Will you leave tomorrow?
I plan on skipping lunch.
How many teeth does a horse have?
How many teeth does a cow have?
It's cold, but not as cold as forecast.
The parrot escaped from the cage.
I am learning Norwegian.
They have a horse.
Can you speak more than three languages?
The ant was red.
Welcome to Aracaju.
I don't know this man.
Hello, Hanako.
Help us!
They have a family.
There isn't any need to speak so loud.
I see your horse.
Will you use this?
Tom's birthday was the day before yesterday.
He's in Paris.
Won't there be a next time?
No more biscuits!
Do you know this neighbourhood?
Mary doesn't read any English-language books.
Surprise!
Be there.
Just go!
What joy!
The Bakers have a farm upstream.
Who told you about me?
Goodbye, then.
Tom fell asleep at the cinema.
My operation went very well.
Tom was hot.
I demand an answer to my question!
Gdańsk is the biggest city in the north of Poland.
I just want to sleep!
We'll write a letter.
The guests agree.
She liked this game.
They were tired.
For many people, the English 'th' is unpronounceable.
It's exactly as you say.
The birds outside are singing.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
Yesterday was Tuesday.
Yesterday was Wednesday.
It's raining heavily.
She comes from Italy.
I'm eating breakfast.
I'm having breakfast.
You found the answer.
I hope.
Elvis lives!
The sentence makes no sense.
She's Austrian.
Why are you talking to yourself?
Sirens blared.
Mary wants to die in her sleep.
Some mathematical problems are very difficult.
Water flows.
Tom became weak.
Both Tom and I are teachers.
I wasn't able to talk to Tom.
Does Tom still teach French?
I know that Tom is deaf.
Did Tom speak French?
Does Tom sing well?
I decorated the Christmas tree with Tom.
Tom spent three months in the hospital.
I want to learn some French songs.
How much water is in the bucket?
Have you already paid the bill?
Tom is my daughter's best friend.
Tom did that not once, but twice.
My grandmother has gray hair.
You're a good tennis player.
Who does this dog belong to?
I don't want to kill anyone.
Why did you try to do that?
Why are we studying French?
We have a meeting tomorrow.
Tom is an interesting person.
I've just read this book.
I wasn't there yesterday.
I enjoy teaching French.
Who ate all the grapes?
I want to teach French.
I'm not a good actor.
Tom is always friendly.
Tom is an electrician.
I teach French here.
I wasn't satisfied.
I don't like pizza.
Do you have apples?
We're on vacation.
I prefer red wine.
They're reading.
Tom taught French.
I'm skeptical.
What are the sources of happiness?
I have weird dreams.
Do you have Russian newspapers?
I hate mice.
Yes?
It is strictly forbidden to translate this sentence!
His wife is as beautiful as a dream, to say nothing of his daughter.
He's not on the list.
Add sentences!
Did you say something, dear?
The interior of the house corresponds to its pleasant exterior.
Think positive!
Mary drove the car.
Little things mean a lot.
You can't create something you can't imagine.
Thanks, mate!
The face is the mirror of the soul.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Al-Mutanabbi died with his sword in his hand.
Tom is painfully shy.
Your analysis is correct.
This is my favourite song.
One drop makes the glass overflow.
Tom likes country.
"My glasses. ""Take it easy, we'll find them."""
"Let me sleep for just one more hour, Mom! ""An hour? You're late for school!"""
Bears hibernate.
Vegetarians don't eat meat.
Everyone listened politely.
There are three children in the swimming pool.
You never told me you were a veterinarian.
I have to go to Boston with Tom.
Tom is too tired to help you today.
"What day is today? ""It's Monday."""
Do you know why Tom didn't win?
I don't have any time to eat now.
I'm pretty sure Tom can win.
I walk to school every morning.
I spent three months in Boston.
What did Tom do today?
Why should Tom sing?
What's Tom good at?
What's Tom asking?
Is Tom a teacher?
Tom knows that he can win.
Tom wasn't wearing shoes.
The sidewalk is slippery.
We'll travel together.
Tom won't leave early.
I wasn't very worried.
Tom wasn't here today.
I wasn't very thirsty.
I used to be very fat.
Tom doesn't drink tea.
We sat on the grass.
I'd rather not swim.
Did you drink a lot?
I was very jealous.
Tom is a lumberjack.
My mother is sick.
I'm very curious.
Start the engine.
Tom may have won.
Tom likes French.
Stop smiling.
Stop running.
Stand still.
Please eat.
Can I sing?
We smiled.
Tom smokes.
I hurried.
The pavement is slippery.
It itches.
Sloths eat leaves.
The volcano is erupting.
Saint Anthony of Padua is the patron saint of lost things.
Content is the philosopher's stone, that turns all it touches into gold.
They sleep.
I live with my family.
Stop resisting.
Why is that red light blinking?
Their dogs are barking.
Tom is very meticulous.
Tom lives in a cabin in the woods.
How many times a week do you eat rice?
Has anyone guessed?
Everybody is different.
Where's Malta?
Tom kissed Mary on the Ferris wheel.
She's always crying.
Tell me why she's crying.
She's not at home.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she had to do that.
Mary said that she was happy.
Mary knew that she'd win.
Is she Mary?
Tom has made a good suggestion.
I've been here for three weeks.
We don't speak French at home.
Tom won't be happy to see me.
Tom and Mary were very busy.
This is a picture of my car.
Tom thought Mary had died.
There's bread in the oven.
Tom is going to do well.
Tom didn't let me talk.
Tom is playing tennis.
Tom is going to cook.
It's stopped snowing.
It rained all night.
Tom has a high IQ.
Tom never cooks.
Tom has secrets.
Tom already ate.
I hate driving.
Even Tom lied.
We all lie.
You lost.
This is the Muslim greeting.
Book now.
Sami disappeared.
Think positive.
Does that make you feel better?
I can not read.
Tom has many friends in Berlin.
He talks to plants.
Did you lock the doors?
Everything is changing.
Sami ate the soup.
Do you see a black horse?
A foot is twelve inches.
Forgot password?
Researchers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory raced drones controlled by artificial intelligence (A.I.) against a professional human pilot.
Can you read music?
Tom was clean-shaven.
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.
You're not Canadian, are you?
You'll have to work a lot.
Tom isn't a minor.
I'm the same height as Tom is.
I'm sorry, but Tom isn't home.
I'm sorry Tom isn't here.
The dog bit her leg.
That'll change nothing.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be allowed to do that.
Is that something Tom and Mary want to do?
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so shy.
Tom and Mary aren't invited.
Tom and Mary washed their hands.
Tom and Mary are hungry.
Somebody's singing.
Tom thinks he's going to die soon.
It's going to be hot tomorrow.
I was in Australia last year.
Tom is looking for a lawyer.
Tom heard a loud explosion.
I know I locked the door.
Does Tom still need help?
I'm not studying French.
It's hot in this room.
I'm brushing my teeth.
Tom isn't invited.
I like big cities.
That's my mother.
Tom will escape.
Who's Tom with?
That's the fastest train in the world.
Mozart died in 1791.
Mary sighs.
Mary's sighing.
No one was watching.
How does artificial intelligence work?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice sat around the fire.
The door is always open.
She liked everything about him.
Tom has a fantastic body.
Mary has a nice body.
He lost his watch.
Tom works full-time.
Tom and Mary were wearing Santa hats.
Do you have your own apartment?
That's my sister's camera.
That's a pagoda.
That's a boat.
That applies to Tom, too.
Who will you be coming with?
I'm at my parents' place.
You need a hobby.
You coughed.
We played football yesterday.
My pillow is waiting for me.
My brother's son is my nephew.
Tom is a model inmate.
I rested in the shade of a tree.
These trees are beautiful.
Merry Christmas, everybody!
My grandmother has grey hair.
Tom spent Christmas behind bars.
Tom spent Christmas in jail.
He hasn't sold the house.
I'm very glad that you're here.
Tom hates Christmas.
You shouldn't give up hope.
You shouldn't be afraid of the future.
Christmas is a time for sharing.
Tom placed the gifts under the Christmas tree.
Tom put the presents under the Christmas tree.
Please elaborate.
What time's your train?
The water's cold today.
What's asphalt made of?
Why is there no hot water?
Nice car!
Where is my cap?
One question.
Sabotage!
Stop them!
Maybe someday.
The penguin was eaten by a polar bear.
Can I speak?
Tom weighs himself every morning.
Mary weighs herself every morning.
I am a woman, not a girl.
I sold my bike to Tom.
Mary was spoiled.
Not so much salt!
What a puzzle.
Are they already here?
Please listen!
I love garlic!
Christmas is coming!
Immediately!
Think!
Capisce?
Case closed.
Not interested?
Is Esperanto hard to learn?
Have mercy.
Food arrived.
Beautiful bird!
What spectacle!
Humans are animals.
Bundle up. It's cold.
Wash your hands!
Promise me.
I am a spy.
We're enemies.
Find peace.
Be generous.
Who is your dermatologist?
Roll the die!
The more one works, the more one earns.
Tom took surf lessons.
The blonde's name is Mary.
Tom wants to be strong.
What is Mary afraid of?
Mary is a surfer.
Mary showed me her phone.
Why can't I go to the party?
Mary missed her friends.
Tom is allergic to nuts.
Tom began laughing too.
Now what?
Mary is wrong.
More coffee?
Something stinks.
Eight minus four is four.
Dig faster.
Tom is an idiot, but I love him anyway.
Tom might testify.
Nothing seems more certain than death.
Everyone loves her and her family.
Tom wore a straw hat.
That's not her husband.
Taiwan is a country.
Tom was born in Canada.
Tom's mother is Canadian.
How about we order pizza?
Have you had dinner yet?
Wow! You've lost a lot of weight.
Stop bragging.
The wizard has a magic wand.
Tom is a flight attendant.
Mary seemed to know everyone.
What happened? Why are you crying?
That's not what I ordered.
Why do you want to learn a foreign language?
May I sit with you?
Tom said that he would buy it.
Tom is from a small town.
Tom has a nice bicycle.
Is this Tom's umbrella?
Tom is always very friendly.
Tom is a pharmacist.
I don't want to live in Australia.
Is this bike Tom's?
Who is Tom really?
Why do women hate you so much?
I got a bicycle for Christmas.
I don't want to work tomorrow.
I don't have a lot of friends.
I have a Canadian girlfriend.
I got married to a Canadian.
I don't eat much fruit.
I'll wait for a week.
I don't know who won.
I don't have a beard.
I don't have a visa.
I almost always win.
Tom is a little strange, isn't he?
I'm not too tired.
I'll miss you all.
I can't eat that.
How about Monday?
Sami is a pathological liar.
How many times do I have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket?
The roof is on fire.
Tom wanted to be a writer.
In chess, castling may only be carried out when both the king and the involved rook have not been moved, all the squares between them are free and not dominated by any opposing piece and the king is not in check and would not be put in check by castling.
Neymar is Brazilian.
Tom tiptoed past his parents' bedroom.
They don't have to thank us.
Many mangrove forests can be recognized by their dense tangle of prop roots that make the trees appear to be standing on stilts above the water.
When did you buy that?
If I'd known about it, I would've told you.
I think Tom would've liked that.
Tom is a vegan.
We should've phoned ahead and reserved a table.
The unthinkable happened.
It must've cost a fortune.
Turtles hibernate.
I played football yesterday.
I spent a lot of money yesterday.
Tom has many toys.
You farted.
Tom isn't a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
He likes football.
It isn't difficult to speak French.
It is not difficult to speak French.
Remember that we're all in the same boat.
Can I eat that?
Give me your money!
Tom has two legs.
Who speaks German well?
Sami smiled.
Sami survived.
He's Japanese.
He might not come.
Do you like to listen to classical music?
Here is your dog!
Your son is a gangster.
This banana is yellow.
He's dead.
Tom is a tailor.
Tom is a blacksmith.
I love her like a sister.
Tom is an archeologist.
Tom is a conductor.
Tom is a geographer.
Mary is a tourist guide.
Tom is a statistician.
Mary is a postwoman.
I speak Finnish.
Do you know how to play this game?
Head north.
Why isn't she sleeping?
The train has already arrived.
Tom was very angry with me.
Lions are magnificent creatures.
I can't stop crying.
I can probably do that.
Is that really what Tom said?
We live in a beautiful city.
Why are your hands so cold?
She is a vegetarian.
Do you have a good memory?
I've decided to do that by myself.
Tom is French.
Tom pretended that he didn't see Mary.
I wasn't jealous.
Tom's friend is very beautiful, isn't she?
Tom speaks Italian perfectly.
Merry Christmas, Tatoeba!
I drink coffee with milk.
Tom is at Mary's.
Tom never forgets anything.
Tom is looking forward to retirement.
I have five cats.
We are what we eat.
Tom is obese.
I'm not very busy today.
You called.
I hate that!
Why am I alone?
It is a good question.
Marta loves me.
Eat fruit.
Goodbye, Anna!
The water is frozen.
What's the dessert?
So beautiful!
Earth rotates on its polar axis.
The Earth rotates round the Sun.
Tom has two weeks of paid vacation.
Tom has three weeks of paid vacation.
Tom has a 3D printer.
Everyone made fun of me.
Tom went to France two months ago.
The cat is under the bed.
Tom crawls.
Tom paints.
Tom writes.
Tom travels.
Tom paints!
Tom is American.
Tom answers the telephone.
Everybody made fun of me.
Tom and Mary got married secretly.
Do you like beer?
I worked in a restaurant.
I paid thirty dollars for this book.
We walked.
Tom admires your courage.
Have you ever seen an angel?
Won't you spend Christmas with Tom?
Everyone hates us.
You should smile more.
The noise doesn't bother us.
I almost fell.
Did you go to the restaurant yesterday?
I was too shy to say anything.
Why don't you stay a little longer?
I hope things will change.
Where's the honey?
I think Tom is still sleeping.
Where are my trousers?
A gift for you.
Do you like classical music?
I'm happy with my girlfriend.
That isn't practical.
That isn't a cat.
Don't drink too much coffee.
I'll have to talk to Tom about it.
I'm bored. Let's do something fun.
I'm bored. Let's go shopping.
Why didn't anyone say that?
See you on Wednesday.
Where are my pants?
Should I call you a taxi?
He wasn't a good musician.
Go study.
Where's the food?
This sentence is ambiguous.
I was afraid of catching a cold.
I have three times as many books as Tom.
I have three times as many books as Tom does.
We shouldn't lose courage.
It happened in Boston.
I'm still in love with Mary.
Tom played basketball.
Tom really likes his new job.
Tom is working in a restaurant.
I've lived here for thirty years.
Snails are slow.
Mary is a cosplayer.
Here, catch!
Alcohol is dangerous.
She's too fast.
I should've paid attention.
I hate eating alone.
This tomb is cursed.
Tom gave a banana to Mary.
Show me something new.
Tom has a broken arm.
Tom wants to buy a car.
I'm tired of eating at the school cafeteria.
I'm going to apply for a scholarship.
I'm married and I have a daughter.
I'm reading a book about animals.
I'm very interested in fishing.
I'm going on a picnic tomorrow.
I'm beginning to remember it.
I'm used to driving a truck.
I'm interested in computers.
I'm very sensitive to heat.
I'm an optimist by nature.
I'm using a new computer.
I'm not well at all.
I can't bear this noise anymore.
I can't describe my feelings.
My mother can't drive a car.
We're looking for somebody who can use a computer.
We're going to the market.
We're too drunk.
We're boys.
Do you promise never to lie again?
Tom isn't a good drummer.
Tom is beautiful, isn't he?
Time is like a river.
Mary washes her hair.
Tom is afraid to tell the truth.
Taste it.
Tom was speaking faster than usual.
How many laps did you swim?
Everyone thirsts for love.
I'll lend you this book.
Tom is left-handed, isn't he?
Is it true that dolphins save the lives of people at sea?
Tom is a big coward, isn't he?
Tom is afraid of me, isn't he?
We don't know our neighbours.
I do this almost every day.
We had nothing to eat.
Stop whistling.
English has become my favourite subject.
Tom slept profoundly.
Where did you find this ring?
Mary is German.
Applied linguistics is a contributing science in the development of artificial intelligence systems.
I've lost my friends.
I have to clean the bathroom.
Please, don't be angry at me!
I'm not cut out for this type of work.
Tom is very organized, isn't he?
The World Cup will be held in Russia.
Would you rather watch a movie or a soccer game?
The door will be open.
The cat is sleeping.
I've bought a car.
Tom is growing a beard, isn't he?
If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.
Tom said he's tired of eating Chinese food.
I've never seen such a beautiful girl.
Tom wants Maria to meet his mother.
My sister isn't a good cook, and neither am I.
Tatoeba is an example of mutual aid.
I don't feel like going outside.
I must admit that Tom is strong.
Do you want an orange?
Oh! A shooting star!
Artificial intelligence can now collect information from social media and the internet to help designers understand what the public likes.
I haven't seen Tom in three days.
This sentence is not a sentence.
I come from Portugal.
Tom was in heaven.
I prayed for God's help.
She had never kissed anyone before.
We'll have to do something.
You'd better not eat too much.
Are you sure that you have enough money?
You'd better put on a raincoat.
Why is life so complicated?
Romulus and Remus were suckled by a wolf.
Truth is the daughter of time.
Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.
Italians don't wear flip-flops, unless they're at the pool or beach.
There were teachers yelling.
I'm looking for a simpler solution.
I bought bananas.
Tom is writing to a friend.
That's the worst joke I've ever heard.
I want to become a witch.
I've just seen the book you bought.
I've just eaten the chocolate you gave me.
Study more.
This vase is fragile.
The thief escaped through the window.
They were both tired.
The meat was tender.
Italy has a rich history.
This country has a rich history.
This town has a rich history.
The girls talked about boys.
The boys talked about football.
Mary, what are you reading?
I use the pen you gave me.
Are you human?
It's dangerous to go there alone.
The children are big.
The women are big.
The child is big.
Tom approaches.
We all live under the same sun, yet we don't share the same horizon.
Turtles lay eggs.
Tom had fallen in love with Mary without ever meeting her.
"Do you speak German? ""No, I'm French."""
Mary is wearing the same dress today as yesterday.
She was sick.
That's my neighbor's dog.
I am stronger than my brother.
He's learning Arabic.
Such a thing has never happened to me.
Where will they be?
My battery is about to die.
I'm afraid to die.
Good evening, Tom.
Sea water is salty.
Kill Tom.
The city is surrounded by walls.
There are many tourists in Rome.
Florence is a beautiful city.
My uncle is very rich.
The pizza is cold.
We met in Australia.
He teaches.
They have two children: a ten-year-old son and a five-year-old daughter.
I'm in Australia.
I spent a month in Australia.
I need to go back to Australia.
I think that Tom is looking for us.
I'm sorry that I'm calling you at work.
This isn't my first time riding a bicycle.
These mushrooms are poisonous.
It's obvious that's a lie.
It's obvious that that's a lie.
It isn't necessarily so.
It's not necessarily so.
It isn't for beginners.
It's not for beginners.
It's not difficult to speak French.
It isn't just illegal, it's also dangerous.
It isn't Christmas yet.
It isn't a virus.
It isn't a difficult problem.
Mary is tall and thin.
I'm afraid that I don't agree with you.
Did you know men can get breast cancer?
Sami lied.
I didn't know she loved me.
Observe the speed limits!
After many sacrifices we have finally reached our goal.
I won't repeat this, so listen carefully.
They're empty.
This time, it's different.
He has something to hide.
He just wanted to get rid of me.
Have you ever been a soldier?
Have you ever been a teacher?
The world is full of interesting people.
The world is full of unsolved problems.
Tom created a new folder on his computer.
Tom renamed the folder.
Try to enjoy yourselves.
Mary has a huge doll collection.
Tom wants to sell the farm.
Canadians are our friends.
Tom loves Canada.
Does she have a sister?
I'm sorry, but I already have other plans.
Murderer!
Hitler hated the Jews.
Stop interrupting.
But that's not true.
I'm the richest.
Tom is the perfect scapegoat.
On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
You are old.
This is my grandmother's recipe.
What happened on October 20?
Good morning, honey.
Give me water!
Do you know my husband?
I don't know your brother.
What happened on October twentieth?
Tom is very angry with me now.
It's a polite way of saying no.
Sami doesn't drive.
Where is he from?
Mum, I'm hungry.
Tom can't afford a yacht.
The oven is still warm.
Thanks for the soup.
I'm not wearing that stupid costume.
The bread was still warm.
A little rain never hurt anyone.
This water is ice cold.
Tom promised to help us.
Tom played the guitar.
Tom is always helpful.
Tom was a journalist.
Tom traveled a lot.
I love rice.
Tom is alone in the forest.
Tom called customer service.
Tahiti is an island paradise.
Tom told me he wasn't feeling very well.
He always has a smile on his face.
She came with her brother.
She gave her dog a bone.
He has a scar on his chin.
He has tattoos on his arms.
He likes his new job.
She lowered her eyes.
He put his hands on his hips.
She washed her hands.
She's playing in her room.
He has to renew his passport.
She's worried about her health.
He plugged in his computer.
He put some milk in his coffee.
She tied her shoelaces.
He told me his secret.
He took the ring off his finger.
He wanted his money back.
She said she wanted to talk to me.
He knew he was no longer needed.
She told me she doesn't eat meat.
He told me he ate way too much.
He doesn't know where he is.
She says she wants to change.
She said she wasn't Canadian.
He said he wanted to leave.
She told me she was wounded.
She said she was ready.
They knew they were in danger.
October is over.
I love this chair.
Come in, Tom.
Tom cooks.
Mary is expecting.
Is this Tom's car?
Be careful, Tom.
I ate some peanuts.
Why is Tom quitting?
I ate lunch with Tom.
It's October already.
Tom can stay.
I do not read.
She loves you.
We'll make up for the loss.
Why didn't you come by bus?
Keep breathing.
Drink coffee.
Uranus is a planet.
They told me they didn't eat meat.
I forgot to feed my dog.
Why do you need a knife?
Are those your daughters?
Why do you want a horse?
Tom arrived at midnight.
Were you at work?
I live in Rio.
Listen up!
I love french fries with ketchup.
Both of my parents can't swim.
Tom is wearing a blue hat.
Tom's brother is a lawyer.
Why are you always doing that?
Not all swans are white.
Tom is a Capricorn.
I don't feel guilty.
I don't accept your excuse.
This isn't a drill.
This isn't true love.
My father isn't home yet.
Where did he buy these shoes?
Tom fell asleep waiting for Mary.
Where did she buy those gloves?
Where did she put the newspaper?
Tom quickly closed his book.
Could I see the menu, please?
She refused.
She stayed.
She survived.
She sweated.
She vanished.
I know that they're in love with each other.
I know that you have an essay to write.
I didn't know that you had a boyfriend.
Tom didn't know the bridge was closed.
I know Tom is a guitar teacher.
I know that you said that.
I know Tom is almost deaf.
I know Tom was right.
I know Tom is deaf.
This island is a tropical paradise.
Tom is our best investigator.
Give a tissue to Tom.
Tom knows the city very well.
Tom reminded Mary to be more polite.
I don't go hunting as often as I used to.
Tom lives in an old building.
I don't go jogging as often as I used to.
I didn't see them.
Hey!
Bow down!
Sleep.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
Does Tom still believe in Santa Claus?
When is Santa Claus coming?
I rested.
Tom is vegan.
Your eyes are red.
Tom is a professional singer.
Tom is an excellent dancer.
Tom is a very naive person.
Tom has never milked a cow.
Tom will be there tonight.
Tom isn't a good gardener.
Tom also likes bananas.
Why is everyone so happy?
Why is everybody so happy?
Why is everyone so sad?
Why is everybody so sad?
Tom is very good at poker, isn't he?
Tom has added more than 50,000 sentences to Tatoeba.
Children can be cruel.
Tom is alone in the house.
I'm so happy you're here!
Damascus is the capital of Syria.
No, it's not easy.
What time should we eat breakfast?
Too late!
This river is very deep.
This river isn't very deep.
He always says he wants to kiss me.
There is a woman in the room.
Do you like bananas?
Beirut is the capital of Lebanon.
We knew that the cat would cross the street.
We knew that the dog would chase the cat.
We knew that the dogs would bark at us.
He thought you wouldn't do it.
We knew she wouldn't be able to come.
Did you think I wouldn't come?
We knew today's his birthday.
I've finished cleaning my room.
We remember he doesn't like dogs.
I have a very boring job.
Why are you crying, my love?
I've been silent for a long time.
I have to get my watch repaired.
We always go to church on Christmas Eve.
We haven't yet bought a Christmas tree.
Will you be going home for Christmas?
Do you have a Christmas tree?
Don't let the children fight.
Don't worry. I know exactly what I'm doing.
I will never forget his answer.
I will never forget Tom's answer.
Tom and Mary watched a Christmas movie.
Tom was traumatized.
Mary was traumatized.
The coffee is too strong.
I will have to speak to Tom about it.
I will never forget her answer.
I had doubts from the beginning.
I think you'll find him.
Don't forget the milk.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player.
Today, two students are absent.
I have the same problem as you do.
Zebras have stripes.
Reindeer pull Santa's sleigh.
Bedouins live in the desert.
The dog chased the squirrel.
Dogs have a strong sense of smell.
Does your girlfriend speak French?
She's a pretty woman.
Where's the telephone book?
I've seen Mt. Fuji.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
Where's the changing room?
Where's the nearest station?
I've been busy writing a short story.
I've lost my new fountain pen.
I know a girl who speaks French very well.
I've already packed my things.
I've been working since six this morning.
Tom sang.
Tom will swim.
There's a woman in the room.
You saw us yesterday.
I wasn't allowed to sing.
My dog doesn't bite.
Tom is an interpreter.
When did you lose your notebook?
Why are you doing that today?
The escalator is broken.
I'm going out for lunch.
I can't go into details.
Do you want some pepper?
Why is my name circled?
Why are you blaming us?
We should take a break.
These are my daughters.
Make yourselves useful.
I'm not used to losing.
A comparison proves nothing.
I almost never drink milk.
I'm about to lose my mind.
When did Tom buy these eggs?
I'm not scared of spiders.
I'm not afraid of spiders.
I'm not afraid of heights.
This damn computer doesn't work.
I went back to Algeria.
Slice the cucumbers.
Sharing is fun.
"There's a sticker on the box that says ""fragile."""
Roll up your sleeve.
Don't come in. I'm naked.
Go back.
We need one more spoon.
Who is your favourite actor?
I am in a beautiful house.
I shower once a day.
Already eaten?
They swim.
I can't find the bread.
Call the fire department.
I am beautiful.
I'll go to the hospital.
Answer in French.
Tell Tom that I'm in Australia.
The dog barks.
In this soup there are carrots, onions, parsley, celery and potatoes.
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.
I see that dog almost every day.
I've just washed the car.
Translate this sentence into French.
I eat a lot of fruit.
How do I get to the hotel?
Tom works at a hospital.
Where's the entrance to the museum?
In chess, the bishop is closer to the queen.
Why are you studying German?
What's the meaning of this phrase?
Who's the author of this story?
What's the meaning of this word?
Who's the man playing the violin?
Who's the man playing the piano?
Hua Luogeng is a mathematician.
That was a dumb decision.
That was a stupid decision.
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
She is smart, isn't she?
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good teacher.
Lisa is German.
She is thinking about travelling.
Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.
We've started to recycle newspapers.
We'll take part in the marathon.
I've already read today's paper.
Tom and Mary seem to be happy, don't they?
"Horses is the plural of ""horse."""
I've enjoyed reading this novel.
I like the colour red.
He is a law student.
In hard times, you find out who your friends are.
Yesterday, we decorated the Christmas tree.
I think I'll wear this red sweater.
QED.
I have begun a new diet.
I need them here.
He is older than Tom.
What a beautiful sunrise!
The streets are deserted.
He doesn't drink alcohol.
It seems to me that you're wrong.
My brother bought a used car, so it wasn't very expensive.
We haven't yet discussed which method is better.
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
You'd better not go there again.
You should've seen the movie.
Who is the better hunter?
My mother is French.
Exhale slowly.
I haven't finished breakfast yet.
Where's the vodka?
Open the door and let the dog in.
What's the title of the book?
Stamps aren't sold in this store.
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.
I swear I'll never do such a thing.
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.
I studied Spanish for two years.
We've seen three wars.
We'll fight to the last.
We've had bad weather recently.
The sun hasn't risen yet.
Who's the woman in the brown coat?
You've confused the students.
Please!
No, it isn't easy.
Be careful. It's slippery.
Hanoi is the capital city of Vietnam.
Maria is respected by everyone.
Tom drinks juice.
My cat is black.
I'm eighty-four years old.
The airport is far away from the city.
Where's the Australian embassy?
Who's able to explain this to me?
Zinedine Zidane is very popular in Algeria.
She has very beautiful eyes.
Algeria is adrift.
I don't have any clean socks.
I don't like opera very much.
What's the file extension?
What'll become of me?
What's the name of that bird?
What time's your plane?
Farewell.
I think this is the wrong key.
I'm afraid this key doesn't fit.
I'm not good at writing songs.
I'm not a good artist.
I need a bigger chair.
I feel a bit nauseous.
They read.
This cathedral has a vaulted ceiling.
I work in the field of art.
I love you and I'll always love you.
Rome is the capital of Italy.
She speaks French.
Devil!
Police!
Tomorrow?
Yesterday?
It's Tom's 30th birthday tomorrow.
Remember.
Delicious!
You'll become teachers.
You're going to become teachers.
You've written the report.
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
Why are you not telling the truth?
There are no people on the moon.
I forgot to feed the fish.
Human life is short.
They are reading.
I have so much to do.
Do you play baseball?
I drink water.
And who's going to stop us?
There's a vase on the table.
She will be jealous.
They say my sister is a beauty.
Would you like an orange?
Noah was a just and perfect man in his generation; he walked with God.
This convenience store never closes.
You should hire a lawyer.
We live in a society.
Are spiders insects?
Learn French.
How much are a dozen eggs?
Do Germans eat a lot of pork?
Tom was taking pictures.
We aren't enemies.
Why are you wearing my shoes?
OK, I'm ready.
Of course I'll go.
This wine is very good.
Nothing is gonna happen overnight.
Who was in the room?
Those aren't your chairs.
There's no sugar here.
She isn't hungry.
If I were you, I'd buy it.
Who lost?
Speak French.
Help me understand.
We're in the forest.
We're all born mad.
Nice tan.
Surprise me.
A dolphinarium is an aquarium for dolphins.
He came out of the mosque.
They think not, therefore they are not.
Head east.
I won't wait any longer.
Greenland is not for sale.
Oh, my God!
I hope you tipped the delivery boy.
The computer is switched off.
The student has outdone the teacher.
I am stupid.
My brother closes his eyes when he drinks.
I don't like my name.
We are worried.
She isn't interested in boys at all.
He is ready.
Tom is turning yellow.
We only live once!
She's strong.
I study Latin literature.
How much do the cookies cost?
It is a long journey.
Where are you coming from now?
We've arrived safe and sound.
There is no planet B.
How many girls do you teach?
No one approaches the goddess.
The baker makes bread.
The sick woman goes to the doctor.
We're all praying for Japan.
I didn't know this.
I'd like to travel alone.
It's a race against time.
Why do you always lie?
I don't need a Facebook account to have friends.
Down with borders!
Allah created the world.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have come.
Six plus four equals ten.
The Quran is written in Arabic.
He hates this bicycle.
"Where's Granny? ""In the kitchen."""
It's a Japanese car.
"There's a town in the Czech Republic called Loket, which means ""elbow""."
The clouds disappeared.
I hope you'll answer me soon.
No-one knows everything.
He studies metaphysics.
It snows in January.
She waited for hours.
He needs a coat.
Termites like to eat wood.
They sell old carpets.
Those are just assumptions.
Did you get up late?
It's starting to rain again.
According to the weather forecast, it's going to rain.
The buses are usually late when it rains.
I haven't written anything.
Listen, please.
Stop fighting.
Are you very hungry?
I'm content with my job.
I'm more beautiful than you.
What is a sensible life?
My name is Azad.
This medicine tastes awful.
You're everything to me.
You're apt to be forgetful.
Only fools never change their minds.
Three Canadians were also killed.
It was a difficult time for us.
I'm allergic to penicillin.
How many houses do you have?
What are your children's names?
This is my song!
The chef wears an apron.
This is my first Russian sentence.
The mirror broke.
No one has ever been there and lived to tell the tale.
Cats don't have owners, they have staff.
My best friend is Chinese.
They need a lawyer.
She needs a lawyer.
He needs a lawyer.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
The watermelon is in the fridge.
I talk to him a lot.
My birthday is October twentieth.
My employees are waiting for me.
Tom watched.
My teeth are white.
I am learning Albanian.
I'm learning Albanian.
She's hungry.
I'm Australian.
Why aren't you afraid?
Lisbon is Portugal's capital.
I fled.
I cursed.
He apologized.
I've got a boat.
Tom doesn't want to work in Boston.
French is a beautiful language.
Tom braked.
Tom went.
How many grandchildren do you have?
She has become a nurse.
And that man was Albert Einstein.
A semicolon is a punctuation mark.
Is there a lift?
They have problems.
I don't need your pity.
I'm a girl.
We have a dog and a cat.
I live in Germany and I work in Luxembourg.
I don't speak Luxembourgish.
I like going to the cinema.
I like to go to the cinema.
I'm working!
I'm looking for a power outlet.
The park is empty.
I read everything.
Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?
He lied.
He paid.
He fell.
He waved.
He knits.
He cared.
He cares.
He voted.
He works.
He bowed.
He swore.
He swims.
He froze.
He knelt.
He nodded.
He yawned.
He snores.
He sighed.
He moaned.
He looked.
He helped.
He gasped.
He drives.
He cheats.
He yelled.
He blushed.
He's bored.
He's weird.
He gloated.
He giggled.
He exhaled.
He drowned.
He cheated.
He cheered.
He decided.
He noticed.
He prepaid.
He refused.
He relaxed.
He sweated.
He tripped.
He saw you.
He ran off.
He shouted.
He retired.
He painted.
He shrugged.
He ran away.
He listened.
He insisted.
He grumbled.
He flinched.
He enlisted.
He approved.
He screamed.
He canceled.
He survived.
He vanished.
You swim.
You're swimming.
You are swimming.
He grimaced.
He stutters.
He may come.
He shivered.
They're swimming.
He objected.
He followed.
He overslept.
He's working.
He hesitated.
He graduated.
He disagreed.
He exercised.
He exercises.
He had a cat.
He protested.
He was hired.
He got stuck.
He gave blood.
He had a beer.
He isn't rude.
He misses her.
He's powerful.
He's punctual.
He ate a bagel.
He denied this.
He felt guilty.
He isn't weird.
He lost weight.
He needs water.
She needs water.
He was yelling.
You need water.
He'll be ready.
He has a new car.
He's very tall.
We'll help him.
He isn't moving.
He likes French.
He never sleeps.
He spoke French.
He wasn't ready.
He went bananas.
He won't notice.
He won't starve.
They have a question.
They've got a question.
You have a question.
You've got a question.
We have a question.
We've got a question.
He is working.
He's got a moustache.
Occupied!
A threat can often work wonders.
They're creative.
They are creative.
He's visiting his aunt and uncle next month.
Why didn't you say that earlier?
The telephone rings about fifteen times an hour.
He'll take care of her.
He says he wants me to go to Boston with her.
No one knows everything.
She bought a Christmas present for him.
She never should've kissed him.
She returned his book to him.
He's waiting, isn't he?
He wasn't working with her.
Paul is one of the students who are taking part in the chess tournament.
We're hoping we won't have to do that.
We want to go to France.
I remember that I gave her the key.
Is this a cotton towel?
He gave me her phone number.
The Universe is a mystery.
An elderly Chinese tourist has died in France from the coronavirus.
You're a very patient teacher.
They're willing to talk about the problem.
Do you think that this translation is accurate?
I wanted to impress him.
The music hasn't changed.
Finish eating.
This is almost new.
We want a lawyer.
Everyone will die.
Hand washing is more effective against the coronavirus than face masks.
We had a cat.
The future is uncertain.
I'm not a cat.
The moon is still shining.
The new coronavirus is very infectious.
Stay home.
Away!
This kebab is too fatty.
Mary is like a daughter to me.
I love your cat.
My favorite color's orange.
Is that why you hired me?
She denied this.
She exaggerates.
She volunteered.
The squirrel wore a small mask.
Very interesting!
She got married ten years ago.
He's a good teacher.
It's a very healthy beverage.
The astronaut walked on the moon.
He saved a dog from drowning.
I'll call you back in about ten minutes.
Her eyes are red.
She is a mathematician.
She's a mathematician.
You're stronger than we are.
I don't buy bread.
He didn't understand the joke at all.
Tom is an opera singer.
Spiders like to weave webs.
Language and culture cannot be separated.
Now everything's OK.
The boy gave a rose to the girl.
The absent are always at fault.
Elephants are herbivores.
The exit is on the right.
The new coronavirus is very contagious.
Tom went mute.
Mary crossed the street.
Mary seemed sad.
Russian is not his native language.
It's a yellow apple.
Donald Trump is a pathological liar.
I am deaf.
I am illiterate.
One day — it's like a miracle — it will disappear.
I bought a book here yesterday.
I'm a strong woman.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
I'm afraid of cockroaches.
I spent the day with family.
I've invited my friends.
We're selling everything.
Tom has to answer Ken's letter.
What's two plus three?
I speak Esperanto and Russian.
Bose-Einstein condensates provide a unique window into the strange world of quantum mechanics, which governs the universe at very small scales.
Whose seat is this?
It's John's apple.
She's afraid of dogs.
I'm a very stable genius.
I love fruit and I eat some every day.
Bees are extremely important not only for humans, but also for nature.
Are you going to spend all of this money?
They wish to go there for vacation.
I am going to rent a car.
Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
I never pay in cash.
Weasels eat great numbers of rodents.
Cats sleep a lot.
We weren't afraid of anyone.
The task robbed him of all energy.
They greeted Sophie.
You've found the entrance.
The street is deserted today.
The street is empty today.
He was a very refined man, but he wasn't the least bit aware of it.
You like watching television.
She loves this game.
When were they born?
It's very windy.
The clouds are gray.
The chess pieces are: king, queen, bishop, knight, rook and pawn.
He is with you.
The restaurant is across from the hotel.
The Eiffel Tower's made of steel.
We are in a traffic jam.
I'm going to pick up the kids at school.
This street is very noisy.
The bakery is on the street corner.
I'm going to show you the way.
Mary is a modern woman.
The audience didn't like the show.
Why did you close this drawer?
He's never seen a play.
They drink milk.
What a beautiful drawing!
You should sell your drawings because they're really wonderful.
At what time do you go to bed?
They are thin.
Dad is older than mom.
We were walking and we fell.
Have you tried screaming?
I still don't know what I'm going to draw, but I'll take a sheet of paper and some pencils and sit at my desk.
Money is not everything, but without money, everything is nothing.
The dog isn't sleeping.
At Tatoeba a sentence only feels good when it is accompanied by its sisters and cousins, the translations.
Whose horse is it?
Black lives matter.
The cherry trees in bloom are very beautiful.
There are plenty of animals to see here.
How long to go before the game starts?
I'm a spy.
I'm an entrepreneur.
The book that you're looking for is on my desk.
The waiting room was crowded.
Thank you, Doctor. You're very kind.
Punctuation is important.
He came here to see you.
I had a very weird dream.
We parked very far from here.
You can have several careers in your life.
There are about forty people here.
Why are they talking so loud?
Which one are you going to choose?
Which one is the better of the two?
Do you want some ice cubes?
Did you receive my invitation?
Where are your hats?
Experts may be wrong.
Don't go straight!
That car didn't indicate it was going to turn right.
The hotel is next to the movie theater.
The bus stop is next to the hotel.
We always stay in this hotel.
There are a lot of libraries in Paris.
She reads before going to sleep.
A cheetah in a hurry can reach a speed of 120 kph.
Remove the pips and stem.
It was raining cats and dogs.
The flowers are yellow.
My sentence is original.
I am a very old man.
In general, pigs are fat.
The cat wants to catch the mouse.
I bought pencils and a set of gouache paint.
Does he collect butterflies?
Who does she live with?
Do you like driving?
We close the windows when it rains.
We are going to look for a restaurant.
Do you know these places?
One must not smoke.
It's a bull.
They have a lot of money.
Excuse me for bothering you.
My life was very different.
I was eighty years old in two thousand thirteen.
This is an important memory.
I like this weather.
More beautiful than the instructor is the friend. More beautiful than learning is thanking.
Do you play soccer with your friends?
We want to see a football game.
Arab is not a difficult language.
Do you know how to say this in French?
How do you say this in French?
I hate and love.
Upon arriving at the beach, we saw a snake.
We can't drink the tap water.
Did you find the exit?
Could you bring us the menu?
I like this drawing.
The hotel is in a very dangerous area of the city.
He goes to work on foot.
He has nightmares every night.
I know the exact date.
Can you see those mountains?
I saw that movie last Monday.
I read about half of this detective novel.
Does he speak French?
Iron is a metal.
Gold is a metal.
Why I should fear death?
A meter is a hundred centimeters.
I want to have children.
I'm looking for my brother. Have you seen him?
This book weighs a kilogram.
They arrived in Berlin yesterday.
Excuse me, could you please tell me where the restroom is?
Children have to go to bed early.
I buy a lot of books in this bookshop.
Can they come?
Do you always see your friends in this café?
I understand you well.
Teach me to panhandle.
Tom said he wasn't a thief.
Do you know how to paint?
The cat wants the window opened.
Tom said he had nowhere to sleep.
I don't accept gifts.
We're not yet perfect.
I'm used to such situations.
I'm used to planning my day in advance.
The sea's waves in the quiet of night sound like a lullaby.
Are you still over there?
Do you want some pepper in your hamburger?
I went out.
Where will you eat this evening?
Did you reserve a table at the restaurant?
Do you know who won the race?
Soccer is the sport that I prefer.
Tom is disappointed because his soccer team didn't win.
Tom is kicking the ball.
Why are you putting that here?
Do you always wait for the bus here?
What car do you drive?
There are a lot of flowers in the gardens of the village.
The light shines for a moment, then fades away.
English gardens are very beautiful.
She has declined the invitation.
The engine works pretty well.
She hung her coat behind the door.
This tie fits your shirt.
You ask the right questions.
We sell flowers and plants.
Children, we're eating.
We are eating bread.
I've been teaching French for over 30 years.
Send it to my email.
Where are my notebooks?
I need this pencil.
Do you love learning French?
I believe that she is at the hospital.
I am a beginner in Russian.
I always turn off the light when I leave a room.
They were saying something in Japanese.
You don't like anything.
I would like to know how to play the piano.
Is there anything to eat in the fridge?
First I take the bus, then I take the subway.
I cannot live far from the ocean.
He's switched the telly on.
He switched on the telly.
He's switched the television on.
He switched on the television.
They wouldn't agree.
You wouldn't agree.
She wouldn't agree.
He wouldn't agree.
They've taken a day off.
They took a day off.
You've taken a day off.
She's taken a day off.
She took a day off.
You're as tall as your father.
You were exhausted.
You were worn out.
You were teaching.
You were teaching history.
You were counting on your brother.
You don't agree with me?
Do you like this type of book?
Don't look down!
What parts of the city have to be visited?
We traveled by plane.
There are a lot of hills in this region.
There's too much traffic here.
This place is wonderful.
We went to some incredible places.
Where did you stop?
I'm driving slowly because we want to see the animals.
Am I reading this word correctly?
Do you want a glass? There's one on the table.
Could you translate it for me?
Is there ketchup?
It rained the entire trip.
Fortunately, it isn't serious.
These activities are interesting but dangerous.
Some sheep crossed the road.
It started to rain when we were changing the car tire.
Come at two.
He takes care of her, and she takes care of him. They take care of each other.
My grandson is seven years old. I love him very much.
Children must not spend too much time in front of screens.
We couldn't get there quickly.
I gave a red rose to my mother.
Rosa is Portuguese, but she lives in France.
It's unfortunately true.
There's some milk in the fridge.
We met at a friend's wedding.
We're all vegetarian in my family.
He's a musician and plays several instruments.
Our rent is too expensive, so we're looking for another apartment.
I'll send you a text as soon as I arrive at the airport.
He speaks French with an English accent.
Artists are very creative people. They always have a lot of ideas.
My grandson has a kitten. The kitten has white and black fur and greenish eyes. My grandson loves playing with it. He named it Vivi. Vivi is beautiful. It is our pet.
My mother-in-law is my husband's mother.
He sent hundreds of invitations for his wedding.
The box is full.
I'm going to forgive, but I'm not going to forget.
I know both of those boys.
Learn German with enthusiasm.
I accepted the invitation.
We entered the park.
I bought a magazine.
The cat was asleep.
You must think about the future even if you're young.
An architect designs and creates houses and buildings.
Scotland is a country north of England.
It's a good and natural sentence.
I went to church.
It looks like you started translating this but didn't finish.
Do not forsake me, oh my darling.
When I was young I used to read a lot of novels.
Do you really think that this painting is beautiful?
This poem expresses what the author thinks about love.
There is no such word in Russian.
I didn't need any help.
Goodbye, Tatoeba. It was great fun.
He's fallen into the water.
He fell into the water.
Have you ever tasted soup this good before?
I've come to apologise.
Our grandmother has many dogs.
My student had a cat.
This is a city in our country.
I slowly opened my eyes.
How is your grandfather doing?
What do you know about this university?
My girlfriend doesn't like flowers.
It will soon be spring.
There are no flowers here.
He is tired of work.
I was not allowed to do the things I wanted.
Why are you looking at the Sun?
This is a beautiful and quiet garden.
Why is it so noisy here?
What is this game called?
Have your brothers won the match?
My life does not belong to me.
The season is over for him.
The season's over for him.
His season is over.
He's shown him the red card.
He has shown him the red card.
It did not rain yesterday.
Children like to play in the snow.
In winter I leave home at nine.
There are eleven people in a soccer team.
In the morning, the sky was clear; now it's cloudy.
Intellect is not wisdom.
Goodbye, Tatoeba. It was a lot of fun.
He's tired of work.
I wasn't allowed to do the things I wanted.
I don't like red.
A bear is bigger than a wolf.
Careful! The pavement is slippery.
You are more than a friend.
They want to read only interesting books.
What a smart kid!
The old men were talking about life.
I don't know if today is Monday or Tuesday.
Is he coming with me?
A lot of people lived there.
The world is beautiful.
They occur quite often.
We know most of the neighbors.
This house is five hundred years old.
We can confirm this.
Thank you very much for the beautiful card.
She and I want to be friends.
The child doesn't want to sleep.
Can I please use your restroom?
No, you may not see that.
Tom is counting the days.
The downtime of isolation is a good chance to reflect on our strengths and build upon them.
I won't be home tonight.
Do you love life? Then don't waste time! Because that's the stuff life is made of.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
The world is beautiful because it's diverse.
The world is beautiful because it is diverse.
We learned violence from you.
I'm an imam.
Every cat likes milk.
All cats like milk.
No cat likes water.
This is not my name.
It's not your turn.
The cat plays by itself.
I don't like lighters.
I drink neither coffee nor tea.
What did you like best?
The questions are welcome.
I have some books.
He is never sad.
What am I without you?
When in doubt, consult a dictionary.
She has another phone number.
The breakfast is not ready.
I hate garlic.
I never get angry.
The wine wasn't very good.
I see a church.
Julius is not alone – there are four slaves with him.
They have four children: three boys and a girl.
All four are beautiful.
She's very clever.
That's your favourite song.
It's your favourite song.
It was about midday when he reached the city.
She's got something to say to you.
She has something to say to you.
She sleeps only for about five hours a night.
He's just found her.
He has just found her.
This basket is full of figs.
The figs in the bag haven't been washed yet.
The figs in the bag haven't yet been washed.
The figs in the bag still haven't been washed.
They are disappointed.
He wasn't prepared.
They weren't ready.
They weren't prepared.
He hasn't made the beds.
He didn't make the beds.
They're not thirsty.
You'll be thirsty.
They'll be thirsty.
You already know.
She already knows.
She's just found it.
She's just found them.
She's just found him.
He's just found him.
He's just found it.
Not all roads lead to Rome.
He has nine fingers.
She only has nine fingers.
My heart is weak.
The bakery sells bread.
These are vouchers for the restaurant.
We are on vacation.
I am eighty seven.
Did you say seventy or seventeen?
Did you say fourteen or forty?
Did you say fifty or fifteen?
Did you say sixteen or sixty?
Did you say eighteen or eighty?
Did you say ninety or nineteen?
My sisters are physicians.
Which animals lay eggs?
Beans have a lot of iron.
Did you say money or gold?
The door is made of steel.
Every second house has a car.
Do you like math?
It's too late to go now.
The train had left the railway station.
The train had left the station.
The cats are up on the roof.
Elephants are the largest living terrestrial animals.
An adult male elephant can be more than three meters tall and weigh more than six tons.
Because of their large size, elephants have a huge impact on their environment.
"How long is the course? ""From March to May."""
Your joy is visible.
You have three wishes.
The evening is long; the night is short.
My grandmother gets up early every morning.
The room is half as large as the kitchen.
At what time does the bus come?
Shall we go for a walk?
The dogs are not supposed to sleep in the house.
She understands his world.
The beaches of France are beautiful.
A couple of animals played on the meadow.
The animal kingdom is perfect.
The region has many rivers.
Did you say thirteen or thirty?
The lawyer is her brother.
I am her son's father.
The colors of the club are blue and black.
Where did you see me?
Yesterday I went to the doctor.
You are your own boss.
I think now is the right time.
Thank you for the detailed answer.
I like meeting new people.
You will definitely like it here.
She has her own room.
Do you read a lot?
You're your own boss.
Where'd you see me?
You go to the left, I go to the right.
Go ahead, gentlemen.
I am on the road to Berlin.
Where is my straw hat?
I have to go to the pharmacy.
When playing chess, be careful not to lose your queen.
You are alone.
It doesn't work any more.
You're a very good person.
Some roof tiles have fallen off.
At night the birds don't sing.
My grandmother is ninety-one years old.
The children are going to open their gifts.
Where's my straw hat?
Usually, I don't take an afternoon nap.
This book has more than eighty pages.
I know how to say a few words in French.
She had a cat.
We need our dictionaries, but we can't find them.
My soup is cold.
I don't like cold soup.
Why is it easier to stay up late than to get up early?
Even stars die.
The price will rise soon.
Why are there no polar bears in Antarctica and no penguins in the Arctic?
She is a biologist.
He will be hungry.
You don't like cheese.
We've left our umbrellas on the bus.
We left our umbrellas on the bus.
She won't buy any bread.
You won't be able to catch the train.
They were really annoyed.
We'll cook for you.
Tom hasn't been swimming today.
Tom didn't swim today.
Tom exaggerates everything.
You're the master of your own destiny.
You're responsible for what you do.
Tom isn't a socialist.
Is that a mushroom?
You'd better ask the doctor for advice.
He has to check our passports.
The painter who did this painting won an award.
French castles are very beautiful.
In general, English taxis are black.
You, too, should've seen that movie.
A poacher is someone who catches and kills animals illegally.
I have three young children.
Tom isn't an anarchist.
We work as teachers in the school.
Let's call things by their right names.
Can you speak English fluently?
I had to wait so long that I fell asleep in the chair.
How many Russian words do you know?
Does your back hurt?
Tom doesn't need anyone.
Where are our suitcases?
Stop smoking next to the children.
Every day I love you just a little bit more than I did the day before.
You'll never guess how deep my love is, not even in your wildest dream.
The boy is working.
This cannot but affect the quality.
The bottom line is we want results.
That's exactly what I don't want.
I'm looking for a good restaurant.
He's looking for the keys to the hotel room.
We have to look for our passports!
Is this the bus that goes to the zoo?
She needs money.
I'd bought it the week before.
Where's this train going?
Tom, please open the door.
Tom played with dolls as a child.
Our plane is leaving in two hours.
Is he leaving or is he staying?
She has to be feeling better today.
Did you buy a house or an apartment?
We live on the second floor.
The witness didn't remember.
The weather is extremely hot.
Put on your uniform.
They're eating their apples.
The world is a village.
Hope is more powerful than fear.
Is this your second trip to France?
We have to change the dates of our trip.
I think that these paintings are very original.
Tom plays with dolls. Mary plays with a ball.
Tom isn't an introvert.
I like Japanese cuisine.
There were ten of us.
I live on this floor.
She's only 20.
I aim to become fluent enough in this language that I no longer rely on Google Translate.
They are both chatting in the living room.
That word isn't in my dictionary.
The bell hasn't rung yet.
There's a cat under the desk.
Carlos is Spanish and his wife is German.
Please don't forget punctuation.
No, no, they can't take that away from me.
She used to train a lot for the competition.
We have to leave tomorrow.
She will probably be married when you are released from prison.
I attended the best game of my life!
There are many Germans living in Brazil.
It's rumored there are treasures hidden there.
The English drive on the left.
There are three airports in Paris.
I'll have to write texts in English.
He is Indian and he speaks English.
There is a tourist office near the hotel.
I have to sell my apartment.
I'm taking French classes.
Were there a lot of people?
I can't forget this.
Hello mom, how are you?
We'll see each other tonight?
He doesn't drive very fast when he's with his family.
She drives very well.
Do you hear the phone?
The cat is sleeping on the couch.
Do you want to go swimming? The beach is not far.
Tomorrow we are going to do many things.
Always shake well before using.
I'm leaving in one minute.
Nice to meet you, my name is Carlos.
In nineteen ninety-one, I was working in France.
My life was simpler when I was young.
I wanted to live in Paris.
We were born after the war.
There'll be enough wind to sail.
It was a public holiday.
Unfortunately, I don't remember anything.
My father's sisters are my aunts.
Her office is on the tenth floor.
There are always a lot of people in the train stations.
Did you live in England for a long time?
My grandmother can't hear anything at all.
She's selling her car.
He is crying.
They were learning the Quran.
Grandpa, what are you doing?
My girlfriend is red-haired.
There are a lot of rivers in France.
We walked up to the beach.
Is anyone fluent in Latin?
We must help those who can't defend themselves.
Can you wait two minutes for me?
Have you already had a lucid dream?
Please wear a mask.
No one cares about your conscience.
We watched this movie together.
Last Sunday, we watched a soccer game.
He has a good alibi.
We weren't in the habit of winning.
You only want what is impossible.
It's absolutely impossible to live with him.
I didn't like this museum.
She has eight watches.
“Did you like the movie?” “No, not at all.”
She's singing in the rain.
He came out of the apartment at nine o'clock.
Why can't I come in?
I eat a lot of fruit and I always have some in my fridge.
Notre-Dame is a church in Paris.
You have to read more books in French.
Thanks to you, I am going to understand everything.
He's going to come back right away.
People are still afraid to leave their houses.
Where are all my files?
We're getting out of the elevator.
Does this restaurant serve vegan dishes?
There's a bar at the hotel.
You have to leave the hotel before eleven o'clock.
There's a beautiful blanket on the bed.
You must get out right away.
At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go back in the same box.
The bar is on the ground floor.
The apartment was broken into.
One of the most exciting things in life is riding a Ferris wheel.
I must go now, but I'll come back.
I have difficulty losing weight.
I need to know what the problem was.
Tom is not a socialist.
God is the name of the great mystery.
Which movie did you watch yesterday?
My son was happy because there was snow.
That hotel was good and inexpensive.
It was too cold to go out.
Should I call you tomorrow?
What should I clean now?
They don't hear us.
Are you paying for the taxi?
Are you leaving by train or by plane?
What part of the city is your hotel in?
I'll be leaving for Australia next month.
We'll be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
Can you help us wash the vegetables?
Can you wait here, please?
Could you please wait here?
You didn't buy the train tickets?
You didn't like this hotel?
Can you bring this box into the living room, please?
We'll eat together tomorrow, okay?
Do you swim with your children?
My children are very quiet.
He slept on the living room couch.
Does he hear when you speak?
Ask Tom to do this.
Does he really understand that?
Before, I didn't use to read digital books.
Which way does the Earth turn? Right or left?
I'm not going to cross the road here because it's too dangerous.
You are the sunshine of my life.
He used to train to become the best.
Life got better after the war.
She has a perfect alibi.
He has a perfect alibi.
We have a house in the countryside.
We're happier now that we've been divorced.
I live here with my parents.
There's no one better than you.
This is democracy, I think.
My aunt remembers a lot of things.
You go crazy when you watch a soccer game.
They are taking math classes.
Some children don't like vegetables.
They are coming back from vacation.
My grandson loves playing video games.
How old is your grandson?
Cherries have stones.
What's that thing there?
Is what he's telling us true?
They were listening.
We've just watched a film.
We've just seen a film.
He never cleans his bike.
There is a lot of food and bottles of wine on the table.
Can I help you do something?
Don't you have class now?
We all live on the same planet.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Are you taking classes with this teacher?
The post office is two kilometers from here.
I fell out of the window when I was painting.
Your hard work is paying off.
Practice always pays off.
She's too quick.
How many more stops?
Get another chair.
Are you sure the book is on this shelf?
There are a lot of shelves in this library.
The lesson is at the beginning of the textbook.
These pieces of jewelry come from Brazil.
I have the guidebooks of all the European capitals.
I'm lost and I don't have a city map.
My car is new.
I want white pants.
Is the spoon small?
I am going to England.
He is coming tonight.
God willing, I will do it tomorrow.
In a group, we are strong.
During bad times, a person needs to talk to friends.
I have a big-eared pet called Elephant.
Drink water!
The baby is in the mother's womb.
I'm going to take the lift.
No one lives in this house.
Love just knows the number two.
A large machine is moving in the sky.
In this school, the children must use English.
Maybe the baby is crying because it is thirsty.
This is true from my point of view.
The bird is eating little insects.
Lisa is German. German is her mother tongue.
Marina is Russian. Russian is her mother tongue.
Stephan is German. German is his mother tongue. He knows perfectly other languages, such as Italian, Esperanto and Toki Pona.
You shouldn't interfere in other people's affairs.
He knows where the party is.
I'll fight to the death.
I really like the sound of Toki Pona.
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
No one is good, except God.
I hope that you're right.
As long as there's life, there's hope.
The hotel is at the end of the street.
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.
God within me speaks to God within you.
I have to cross the city every day to go to work.
This neighborhood in Paris is very famous.
Not all roses are red.
It's the beginning of the year.
The hotel is eight hundred meters from here.
Dogs are noble creatures.
The restaurant is two hundred meters from my office.
Tom ate a pear.
My friends are here.
Every animal needs food, water, and a shelter.
I listen to music and dance.
Red, yellow, and blue are colors.
I feel the cold water and the warm air.
I like the Toki Pona community.
How is it correct?
Red, yellow and blue are colors.
She is reading a textbook.
Mary's bedroom is pink.
I'm trying to talk to her.
The bird is trying to get the insect.
When I'm sleeping, everything is fine.
How did you learn Toki Pona?
If you don't like that, I'll stop.
I really like what he wrote.
I like remembering these things.
My office is far from my home.
Brazil is not away from Argentina.
My computer is slow.
Messi will play tomorrow.
I'm thinking about something.
I'm not thinking about anything in particular.
Speaking too simple a language is not easy.
I forgot the guidebook at the hotel.
She has many skirts.
He has to buy some pants because he lost weight.
I have several pairs of shoes.
A spider climbed up on my leg.
The spiders climbed down from the ceiling.
Is there any milk in the refrigerator?
But, because he was dressed in the Turkish way, the astronomers did not believe he was telling the truth.
My girlfriend loves rings.
Can I speak to the director?
India is one of the most populated countries in the world.
My brother's girlfriend has black hair and green eyes.
But my drawing was not of a hat.
We'll follow suit.
I read this book once when I was little.
We saw this movie and we loved it.
When are you getting out of bed?
Do you like to read?
The river is shallow here.
Russian is my native language.
I saw a zebra at the zoo.
They weren't with me.
I have no grandchildren.
I'm going to make sure of that.
The girl drinks tea.
She drinks.
Dream.
Maria has a knack for playing chess, she checkmated me in ten moves.
Your sentence was not added because the following already exists.
She and I are friends.
Winter is over.
He didn't pass the exam.
She's almost sixty.
Coronavirus is everywhere.
Tom is puking.
I never got used to it.
You speak two foreign languages.
I'll buy a pen for her.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a diamond and an emerald.
This bird has a broken wing.
It's time to turn the page.
I've already prepared breakfast.
He bought a fast car.
We have a president.
Maybe tomorrow.
Poverty is no disgrace.
You live in Cairo.
He lives in Cairo.
She lives in Cairo.
Are they French?
Somebody hit me.
He can speak Portuguese.
Don't forget to put the fire out.
She drinks a bottle of wine every day.
What's love?
I captured Tom's queen with my knight.
Tom promoted his pawn into a queen.
I'm buying a rose.
Tom sacrificed his rook to avoid mate.
My name is Mary. What's yours?
Where are the teaspoons?
Did you go to the top of the pyramid?
He changed his will.
Mary was dressed.
Maradona was a demigod. With the ball, he was a god. Without the ball, he was human.
Mary is a woman, not a girl.
Tom is writing his autobiography.
Faith is not the beginning, but the end of all knowledge.
Who was Confucius?
They're all college students.
There's no grass on the moon.
He says he isn't going to come.
Where's the orphanage?
Do you want to see my butterfly collection?
She was dressed.
The standard is very high this year.
She's four months pregnant.
Pawns only move forward.
She's here.
Turn the volume down.
That word's not in my dictionary.
The team conceded a goal after twenty minutes.
Do you have a room?
They carved their names into the bark of the willow tree.
She's buying food.
That is very important.
The space probe has reached Mars.
Do you watch much television?
It's an old manuscript.
Tom couldn't reply.
Tom wasn't able to answer.
Tom wasn't able to reply.
Do you have one in blue?
You yawned.
She's taller than her sister.
It's a kind of orange.
It's a small dog.
Do you have relatives abroad?
They love them both.
It's begun.
They're yellow.
It's all his fault.
His bus was late.
She doesn't love anyone.
It's summer in Paris.
These translations are close to the original text.
He's taking a photo.
Tom's not married.
Would you like to drive an English car?
I'm Bulgarian.
That isn't what I ordered.
Is my sentence correct?
I don't have grandchildren.
Tom's a lumberjack.
We aren't free.
I am looking for my wife.
Tom always smiles.
I'm still a beginner.
All people were created equal.
They're plotting to kill the king.
A path to happiness doesn't exist. Happiness is the path.
I'm a beginner at Esperanto.
I'd like to learn German.
Everything will go well today.
I prefer to love and to suffer than to live without love.
Males are always more beautiful than females.
I want to do it, but I can't.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
There's a small pond in our garden.
That artist is very popular.
Those were the longest three days of my life.
Tom doesn't need our help anymore.
There's a hotel there.
My house is on the riverbank.
The president of France goes to Japan next month.
You're not to leave this room.
We sometimes look around and see nothing but emptiness.
The prince is almost a hundred years old.
My father often cooks.
Will Marika read my letter?
Your actions don't match your words.
I didn't eat yesterday.
I want to become a rich person.
"Both ""Milky Way"" and ""galaxy"" are terms that, in Latin and Greek respectively, are associated with milk."
This is the book that I want to read.
Mary isn't sick.
It doesn't rain, it snows.
What languages are you learning?
This blue flower is beautiful.
We will never support terrorism.
Maybe we can help each other out.
Is he Italian?
I need a small suitcase.
They didn't help the poor.
He would rather die than work for that man.
Ever since he visited Paris, he only talks about that.
I have it!
I really regret that!
You will need our help.
Mary, I really like you.
Is Galileo your real name?
You slept with me.
Maria is my youngest sister.
Ten million euros were stolen.
I'm sure you did it on purpose, you're mean.
I found a stone that has the shape of a heart.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies.
Bats scare me.
I don't understand his joke.
You told the truth.
I will send the book by post.
You're old enough to know this.
You forgot the period at the end of the sentence.
I'm a private language teacher.
I think so as well.
She lives in an enormous house.
Is that a penguin?
I'm not a snake.
Everyone that I know can speak French.
Tom did it alone.
I'm not homosexual, but bisexual.
Love overcomes any distance.
I'm going on holiday in August.
Marie dances well.
Don't run!
What a great invention artificial intelligence is!
Don't tempt fate!
The twenty-first century begins in 2001.
I ate it because I was hungry.
What's Ido?
Tom's sisters are both married.
It's our duty to obey the law.
See you on Monday!
You're now on the way to recovery.
Helping others is never a waste of time.
He knows the mayor.
We saved a little bird who had fallen out of the nest.
She's our neighbor.
Who turned the light off?
Life is short, you have to enjoy it!
This English course requires a lot of effort.
You must express yourself with your heart.
You should have done a language study abroad.
A better world for women is a better world for all.
She's going to get used to it quickly.
We got up too late and we missed the train.
What is she selling?
Do we have to leave a tip in France?
They called their son Tom.
What's a UFO?
I don't see a single customer in this store.
I have always wanted to buy this brand of bag.
At Tatoeba there is a great Toki Pona teacher named Tepan.
What's the point of knowledge if you can't share it with others?
I always eat dinner at home.
She could wear less ugly shoes.
He had a problem while parking.
In a game of chess, when the same position is repeated three times, the game ends without a winner. The result is therefore a tie.
We're all children of God.
We're all God's children.
Reality itself cannot be known.
If the army in white uniform imprisons the king in black uniform, that army wins the game.
How did you hurt your neck?
In the game of chess, each army has a king, a queen, two bishops, two knights, two rooks, and eight pawns.
Slave labor and child labor are still sad realities.
They weren't ill.
They were not ill.
Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.
They weren't sick.
Bobby Fischer is the most famous chess player in the United States.
Do you want to visit this monument?
This is, of course, not true.
I need to forget, therefore I drink.
Are you from Africa?
Write with a pen, please.
I have a bottle of beer in my backpack.
My father's a hunter.
We fell in love on the first date.
We entered the church.
What do you have in your mouth?
He is taking a photo.
Are you a Christian?
He wants to make me jealous, but he isn't able to.
I was born in Moscow.
He drank too much, he doesn't know what he is saying.
Since she left he has lost his smile.
I think you should be honest in a relationship.
That year, I went to Brazil for the first time.
She had always dreamed of becoming a professional chess player.
Before, it used to snow every day in winter.
How does the knight move?
The knight does not move like that.
It is so beautiful.
Translating that sentence literally was a stupid mistake. The meaning was totally different.
Has he made progress?
"White pawn to f3, black pawn to e6, white pawn to g4, black queen to h4 - checkmate! This is jokingly referred to in chess circles as ""fool's mate""."
You learn a lot by trying to solve chess problems - for example, how in a given position white will checkmate in three moves.
Philidor was considered the best chess player in the world in his time. The Philidor Defense, which is one of the open games, is named after him.
He's a vegetarian.
I captured your queen.
Russian nouns can be masculine, feminine, or neuter.
One of the functions of the genitive case in Russian is to denote possession.
If the chessboard is in the right position, the square h1 to the right of White is a white square. Consequently, the square a8 to the right of Black is also a white square.
A simply and clearly written original makes translators happy.
Everything we see influences us in some way.
Is Tatoeba the right place for protests and political campaigns?
In the starting position of the game, White has the rooks in a1 and h1, the knights in b1 and g1, the bishops in c1 and f1, the queen in d1, and the king in e1. Its eight pawns occupy the second row of the board, from a2 to h2.
The queen has the ability to move as much as if she were a rook, that is, over the rows and columns, as if she were a bishop, that is, over the diagonals.
They're watching a movie.
That's no business of yours.
Serbia is a country on the Balkan Peninsula.
Chess piques the interest of children and adults all over the world.
I'll take the lift.
I will take the lift.
"Zugzwang is a German word which, with reference to chess, means more or less the following: ""obligation to make a move and, consequently, to lose the game""."
The price will soon rise.
You're more than a friend.
The weather forecast says it will rain.
Achieving the title of Grand Master in chess is comparable to receiving a black belt in judo.
Among millions of chess players around the world, just over 1500 currently hold the title of Grand Master.
Bu Xiangzhi is one of the most talented Chinese Grand Masters.
The kids ran toward the playground.
To go to the museum, walk toward the river, and when you get there, turn right.
Lions live in Africa.
Computers learned to play chess many years ago, but they didn't always have the strength they have today.
That was the first time, in the history of chess, that a machine (Deep Blue) defeated a Grand Master (Garry Kasparov).
Currently, chess players have advanced computer programs, such as Alpha Zero, Deep Mind, and Stockfish, to analyze any position in a chess game.
Viswanathan Anand, also known as Vishy Anand, became the first Indian Grand Master in 1988, when he was 18 years old. He is the strongest non-Russian chess player since Bobby Fischer.
Chess players with prodigious memories perform incredible feats, such as playing blindly, at the same time, a large number of matches.
"André Danican Philidor used to play three games at the same time, two blindly and one looking at the board. Diderot and D'Alembert cited it in the Encyclopedia as ""one of the most phenomenal manifestations of the human mind""."
Due to the lack of government support for sport, says Rafael Leitão, the professional chess player in Brazil has no financial stability at all. So, if you want to take chess seriously, you need to travel all the time to Europe and the United States to play in the big tournaments.
According to Rafael Leitão, it is very difficult for a professional chess player to get sponsorship in Brazil, because chess is not popular in our country.
Rafael Leitão points out that the insertion of chess in Brazilian schools is a positive fact, but he believes that we are still far from the minimum acceptable level for someone to earn stable incomes as a professional chess player.
The bedrooms are upstairs and the living room is downstairs.
He meets foreigners during his travels.
Ruy López de Segura, a priest and a famous Spanish chess player of the 16th century, wrote a book of 150 pages, called Libro del Ajedrez, about exhaustive studies he made on the opening (1. e4 e5 2. ♘f3 ♘c6 3. ♗b5) that is named after him.
It is said that the limit that a chess player's ELO can reach is 3000. Until today, the maximum reached was 2882, by the current world champion Magnus Carlsen.
I would like to know how to write more phrases about chess in Toki Pona.
"Etymologically, checkmate means ""the king is dead"". However, the king has not ""died"" in the game of chess for a long time. In fact, the king is the only piece that cannot even be captured, although checkmate finishes the game and, strictly speaking, can be considered as a ""death"" for the king."
Different people may describe the same basic ideas or things in completely different ways.
They are behind you.
Your sister is my friend.
I fixed the house because of you.
They are reading books in the library.
"Are you okay? ""Yes."""
"Are you okay? ""No."""
I don't think gods exist.
I don't like gray skies.
Be quiet in the library.
Lana Turner was a beautiful blonde.
You are also a beautiful blonde.
The child is learning how to speak.
She hates mushrooms.
Tom has twelve brothers.
Mount Everest is the largest mountain in the whole world.
The rain continued for 40 days.
I cannot speak Toki Pona very well.
95 years old! God Save the Queen!
This software is not useful; delete it.
The one who loses is going to have to do the dishes.
She baptized me. She's my godmother.
I didn't understand your explanation.
Toki Pona is a charming young lady.
Chess can make anyone who wishes to unravel its mysteries happy.
"Solving a tactical exercise, understanding a difficult ending, following a live match and trying to ""guess"" the moves that will be played. All of this is fun."
Knowing the history of big games and big tournaments makes us more interested in understanding the fascinating game of chess.
My Hungarian friend said that Toki Pona is his spider, but he did not explain what he meant by that.
Tom is translating this book into nine different languages.
The equator divides the Earth into two hemispheres: the northern and the southern hemisphere.
They got married on the beach.
I found a hotel in the center of Paris.
A draw is the most frequent result of closed matches, in which each player seeks, above all, to restrict the opponent's actions.
Chess is a good companion for life.
Ian Nepomniachtchi (2695), the 30-year-old Russian Grand Master, has just won the Candidate Tournament, securing the right to compete this year with current champion Magnus Carlsen for the title of World Chess Champion.
Who will accompany me?
Why is Neptune blue?
Saturn has beautiful rings.
Chess players are ideal women: they can spend hours in silence, follow the maneuvers well and get to know many interesting positions.
You've written three books.
Our new store is due to open in October.
That isn't a bad thing.
They love you.
The children got lost at the campground.
That isn't our job.
Is anybody fluent in Latin?
I need you to translate this document into Russian.
That's life!
Tokyo seems to have gotten the message from Washington.
Step one is done.
The box is all dirty.
Why doesn't my husband understand me?
It will be worse tomorrow.
Answer honestly.
What is the number of countries in Europe?
This virus is a problem all over the world.
Mary is a veterinarian.
They are looking up the meaning of the word in the dictionary.
I can't read your notes because of your writing.
Birds can fly.
She is hungry.
Her voice gets on my nerves.
I don't understand the meaning of this word.
It’s been like this since the dawn of time.
This house is beautiful.
Japan is a very beautiful country.
She's a genius.
Are you Turks?
I haven't seen him lately; give him my regards.
She thinks it's already over.
I saw something very unusual.
I had no breakfast this morning.
Stop by the florist's to buy some roses.
I've been missing you.
Will the train arrive on time?
Bring the ladder and put it against the apple tree.
The apple and the rose are from the same family.
She's a Russian beauty.
"Are you Russian? ""Yes."""
Russian is not an easy language.
August is the eighth month of the year.
That isn't a secret.
How do you know my wife?
I'm opening the window.
We like our house.
Ostriches are the largest birds in the world.
We need to rent a car.
We did our work.
I want to buy a hat.
That isn't a word I'd ever use.
We like our school.
The bicycle needs to be fixed.
The heart doesn't lie.
Add me on Facebook if you want. My name there is Ryck Vernaut.
The translation of the title in French is ridiculous.
Monkeys are closely related to humans.
Do you remember the title or the author's name?
They no longer loved each other, therefore, they split up.
That isn't very original.
We really miss our wives.
I'm glad you remembered me.
God forbid.
In God we trust.
Don't look through the keyhole.
Tom became a Christian.
The police officers were playing chess at the police station.
Don't cut down this tree.
I am used to low temperatures.
In a game of chess, many tactical moves are based on the ability of the knights to simultaneously attack two opponent's pieces.
My life is like a test I haven't studied for.
Read good books!
You're young; you can't retire.
He decided to become a doctor.
Which do I prefer? Sex or chess? It depends on the position.
We die, but some chess games are everlasting.
The bishop took the knight, putting the opponent's king in check.
Is he an American?
These are nursery rhymes.
They are nursery rhymes.
This sentence shall not be translated.
She agrees.
She was afraid.
She understood.
Someone left.
No smoking in the restaurant.
I was watching a soccer match.
Translate these sentences.
My life is like a test that I haven't studied for.
Hello, Mum!
They are in the library.
Read more.
The Palestinians have the right to live on their own land.
Did you take the dog out today or not yet?
You are no son of mine.
The calf that has just been born has trouble getting up.
I always used to count the steps while going up.
The little boy learned chess by watching local games.
In case of fire, don't use the elevator. Use water.
Who'll accompany me?
He turned the TV off.
"In that amazing ""zugzwang"", the player had all his pieces and pawns on the board and was not under any direct threat, but had only suicidal moves available, which led him to lose the game."
I'd like to come at nine.
How far must we walk before we admit we are lost?
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.
There's nothing more important than friends.
The water is too cold.
Go to the front desk to ask for some information.
Call the doctor so that he confirms the appointment.
He likes routine and worries about changes.
We need to know if she will be present or not.
We will go for a walk, unless it rains.
I guess it was just a lucky guess.
I'm a man who can't stand being alone.
Waltzing with you is heaven.
A heavenly comfort, I don't know how, takes hold of me.
I relished England.
I'm very pleased with my new house.
I'm proud of being a doctor.
Mi casa, su casa.
The cave-man spoke Toki Pona.
"The troglodytes said ""bridge"" when one of them crossed a river, walking on the trunk of a tall tree that had fallen there by chance. Unfortunately, however, no one knows what that word was."
Toki Pona is an attempt to recreate the first language spoken in the caves of Africa.
In the depths of humanity's collective unconscious, the troglodytes' way of thinking must be found. Toki Pona is a useful tool to bring this to the surface of our consciousness.
That phrase is absolutely untranslatable into Toki Pona. A caveman would have no idea what it means.
Chess is a teaching and learning instrument older than chalkboards, printed books, the compass, and the telescope.
He gave up his old career to become a full-time chess player.
Anyone who has played chess a few times understands how it can be engrossing in the extreme.
Marcus abstained.
As an allegory of war, chess is a game of attack and defense.
The monk is in the monastery.
I wonder when a caveman said something like this.
On a carousel horse, you will not go very far!
"When I study Toki Pona, I remember Tarzan saying, ""Me Tarzan, you Jane."""
In the twentieth century, chess enabled computer scientists to create intelligent machines.
Every page of this book is an extraordinary chess lesson.
The author reveals to us the purpose that each of the two players had when making each move.
I decorate the pages of my book with the colors of various flags.
Each page of my book contains only ten sentences, but some sentences are quite long.
From high above, the eagle dives toward its prey, captures it with its claws, and flies back into the sky.
The bear caught a salmon in the river and ate it.
Chess is the most exciting game in the world.
A GM does not play looking for combinations, but with a view to creating conditions for them to appear.
I'm going to be fourteen.
I was swimming in the river. A huge crocodile came towards me to eat me. I fought it and killed it. It sank into the water.
Bring out your knights before developing the bishops.
I heard a crash from the sky and I was afraid. Is there a very powerful man up there?
All of the blossoms have fallen from the cherry trees.
I'm writing a book in Toki Pona that already contains 7700 sentences, but it's still under review.
Oftentimes, the advantage of a pawn is enough to win the game.
Always try to place your pieces on the squares where they can be most effective.
What's the point of life if we all eventually die?
Brazil had a football player named Bauer, but he was not a pawn, he was a king on the field.
In the opening, move only those pawns that help develop the pieces.
Emanuel Lasker (1868-1941), German mathematician and chess player, second world chess champion, was the one who kept this title for the longest time: 27 years (1894-1921).
The most important thing in the game of chess is knowing how to evaluate positions.
The first chess players I learned to admire were Capablanca, Alekhine, Botwinnik, Tal, Fischer, and Mecking.
The goal was disallowed because the player had touched the ball with his arm.
I also learned to admire these chess players: Smyslov, Spassky, Karpov, Kasparov, Keres, and Carlsen. There are, therefore, twelve great chess players of my choice.
It is not wrong to say that chess is a sport: it is recognized as such.
Even Death likes to play chess, as I saw the other day in a movie (The seventh seal) by Ingmar Bergman.
In one of the most famous matches in chess history, Robert James Fischer defeated Mark Taimanov by the sensational score of 6-0 in Vancouver (1971).
She's buying her son a toy.
It's the most important chess match in the world.
This task is the icing on my cake.
Tom's arguments didn't convince us.
I've never apologized in my life. Sorry, but that's just how I am.
Tom isn't a person, but rather an idea.
This sentence will never be translated.
You have lung cancer.
Let's go into town.
I have a flat tyre.
It goes without saying that we'll help each other.
I am you.
You're my father.
I'm very modest. I brag about it all the time.
Some people think that Spanish and Portuguese are the same language.
What language is spoken in Brazil?
Can you answer the question?
If you work hard, and never give up, you can accomplish anything... if you're lucky.
That isn't what I think.
Unscrew it.
That isn't a good thing.
That isn't what you want to do.
Life is a game of chess.
The lock's broken.
He's dying of hunger.
That's not French.
That isn't what I saw.
Put your pajamas on.
That isn't my style.
That isn't going to stop me.
I'm ready to do anything for you.
That isn't what I said at all.
That's a lot of translations.
This is the tallest building in the city.
She's a vegetarian.
Before, the priests used to say mass in Latin.
Modern languages change all the time.
The outbreak of World War II, in 1939, made it impossible to carry out the match between Alexander Alekhine and Paul Keres for the World Chess Championship at that time.
He is, without a doubt, a really talented young man.
Tom is not a thief.
She felt very lonely.
There's some paint in the garage.
He didn't forget us.
I would like to become a Christian.
Look, there is a nest of pigeons in this tree.
A wasp stung him and he had an allergic reaction.
If I sow this pebble, will a mountain grow?
I remember writing to him.
Your house is for sale.
She's wearing a beautiful dress.
Is that German?
Is that Czech?
Is that Russian?
Is that Ukrainian?
In Brazil, you will eat a lot of delicious fruit.
The cheese isn't fresh.
Tom is Dutch.
Mary analyzed the results.
Italians were hoping the cup would return to Rome after 53 years.
Venice is one of Europe's most romantic cities.
I'll know how to speak Russian and Spanish.
I went to bed with my clothes on.
I like mushrooms.
Please write down what I'm going to say.
Did he look at me?
My dad likes to get up early.
His dogs are barking.
The bus still hasn't arrived.
All is one.
Who drank the water?
Are there artificially intelligent teachers?
They're all innocent children.
I'm on holiday this week.
Forget them.
The flag is blue.
This is a blue house.
Several of my friends are studying abroad.
Tom wanted to say no.
That's not the only thing I have to do.
What does this woman want?
I have a friend who lives in Spain.
They're all irritable.
Are all the doors closed?
Where did you play chess?
Tom blundered his queen.
Mary didn't have any secrets.
Tell me about your father.
The grass is always greener in the neighbor's yard.
It's too hot! The snowman is going to disappear soon!
If you invite them, they will ruin the party.
Why are you going to get rid of this carpet?
She felt better after telling him everything.
It is difficult to translate a poem correctly.
They translate the text without understanding its meaning.
That's her M.O.
These machines are very dangerous.
Let's all stay together.
Would you like to drive on this mountain road?
From the balcony, we have a beautiful view of the park.
My phone battery is almost dead.
Tell them I love her.
He told him that she was right.
Tell them I love him.
How do you take your coffee, with or without sugar?
Call me as soon as you're on my street.
Ziri doesn't want children.
He doesn't want to become bald like his father.
I met a great girl, and I'm in love.
I can talk to her for hours.
They will rent an apartment with a view of the sea.
He's almost never home.
She's almost never home.
They're almost never home.
We're almost never home.
You're almost never home.
Beavers build dams.
I don't work today, I have a day off.
The service in this hotel leaves a lot to be desired.
Our friendship is the most beautiful thing in my life.
The Olympic Games were born in Greece.
I always thought I was older than you.
They say that St. Petersburg is prettier than Moscow.
This house was built a year ago.
We are the same height: one meter sixty.
In chess, the bishops are closest to the kings.
The train is taking off and we haven't bought our tickets!
Paul is an only child, but he has a lot of cousins.
They are brothers, but they don't look alike.
Is there air conditioning in the room?
I've always liked playing football.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a footballer.
A combination is a forced maneuver or maneuvers combined with a sacrifice as a result of which the active side gains an objective advantage.
I forgot my cell phone downstairs on the couch.
Which is the best chess book ever written?
There are spots even on the sun.
The ability to calculate lines deeply and precisely is essential for every player.
Learning chess should always start with the study of pawn endings.
My mother bundled me in the warmest clothes she could find.
Corresponding squares are squares of reciprocal zugzwang.
A chessboard has sixty-four squares.
I don't play chess well, on the board or not.
In chess, one of the most important concepts is that of opposition, related to the distance (vertically, horizontally, or diagonally) that the kings keep from each other at the end of a game.
The kings are in distant opposition when there are (vertically, horizontally, or diagonally) three or five squares between them, not just one.
Julia lives in a southeastern state of Brazil.
Do you know this French expression?
I don't have time for anything.
I have to buy a new battery for my watch.
We are delighted with our stay in Paris.
Don't be afraid to say what you think.
The bride was wearing a silk dress with polka dots.
I'm having trouble washing my silk clothes.
There are stripes only on the sleeves.
Before, he used to stop by our place every day.
I used to really hate her cigarette smell.
There is not enough memory to install this software.
Can you help me install it on my computer?
Your computer is not working well; delete unnecessary software.
Since I updated my computer, it is a lot faster.
Send me your new address by email.
I upload all my recipes on my blog.
This news is really surprising.
I have to pay you back for the meal from yesterday.
Are you sure you dialed the right number?
She is pressing all the phone buttons.
Her jeans are full of holes; is that normal?
It is not enough to know how to move the pieces. You have to understand the game of chess.
By training only with the computer, you will never be able to understand chess.
Toki Pona is an attempt to interpret the meaning of life in a nutshell.
The dancers are wearing white tights.
Tomorrow we will buy turkey and veal.
I sent it, but I forgot the attachment.
"Your stepfather is very nice. ""Yes, my mother chose her second husband well."""
I love my stepmother! Fortunately, my father got remarried after the divorce.
I remember your father-in-law; he was funny.
Don't explain it to them; you're wasting your time.
Do not give your opponent open files or diagonals that lead to your King.
Well, have fun playing chess! I'll pick you up in an hour.
The chessboard has 64 squares, alternately light and dark, distributed over 8 rows and 8 columns.
What you're saying doesn't make sense.
If I knew the truth, I'd tell you.
I hope we'll be able to keep in touch.
It's been raining since yesterday.
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.
I've already finished the job.
I've already written a letter.
I've recently given up smoking.
Babies cry when they're hungry.
Development is the process of moving your pieces from their starting posts to new and more effective positions.
To play chess competitively according to the international rules of FIDE, a player must write down his moves.
Hundreds of thousands of books have been written about chess.
I speak Google Translate fluently.
As her boyfriend is very busy she has to set a meeting to talk to him online.
She pushed back the meeting from Monday to Tuesday.
We will push this back to later; it's not urgent.
Fluent in English, French, Spanish and German, Paul Morphy was one of the most learned chess players of his time.
"When your opponent's king, found in the first (or eighth) row, is trapped by its own pawns or pieces, if you can, with the queen or a rook, give it check, even if this initially requires one or two sacrifices, the result of this maneuver will be checkmate. In Brazil, we call this type of play ""hallway mate"", or ""drawer mate""."
Do you know the man in this picture?
The computer has already surpassed man in the ability to play chess. And it won't take long to supplant them in the domain of languages as well.
You should never leave both your king and queen on an open diagonal that can be controlled by the enemy bishop.
It is necessary to reflect on the game and get to know typical pawn structures and plans.
Two bishops working together control so many squares that they can dominate the board.
It is important to prevent your bishops from being blocked by pawns that are fixed in their positions.
Knights are most powerful near the center of the board, from where they can move to any of eight squares.
Depending on which pieces are left on the board, and how they are used, the game can end in a win or a draw.
During the middle game, each player tries to weaken the opponent, attacking their pawns and capturing their pieces.
I've booked a table for four.
After having opened his cage the lion escaped.
She left five minutes after having arrived.
Everything was locked; how did he escape?
Your own king must be guarded and you should look for chances to attack the enemy king.
It is important to make sure that any exchanges are to your advantage in the long term, so planning is vital.
The Caro-Kann defense (1. e4 c6) is an opening used by major Grand Masters around the world.
The king is strongest in the endgame, when there are only a few pieces left and it can help checkmate the opponent or win pieces.
In the game of chess, the relative value of pieces is usually as follows: the queen is worth 9, the rook 5, the bishop 3, the knight also 3, and the pawn 1. The king has absolute value.
Those kinds of things don't happen here.
It is best not to develop the queen too early in the game, as it may be attacked and forced to retreat.
The sport of chess is remarkably well organized; in fact, very few sports have such a large international network of players.
King Thomas and Queen Mary played chess every night in their magnificent castle with four towers and many battlements.
When you see a good move, look for a better one!
I've written a letter.
Because of the knight's unusual way of hopping around the board, beginners are often taken by surprise and find themselves the victims of a knight's fork.
When each side has only the king and some pawns, you need to calculate moves carefully to promote a pawn before your opponent.
This painting is the portrait of a very famous woman. Do you know it?
If you hand over the queen or a rook in exchange for your opponent's bishop, knight, or even pawn, you are making a sacrifice, which is almost always, in fact, an investment because you are looking to gain advantageous compensation.
I'd like an air-conditioned room.
What would you do if you lost your job?
A. Karpov vs. B. Spassky, Candidates Tournament semifinal, Leningrad, 1974. Anyone who knows this game knows how much beauty there can be in the game of chess.
Your game is harmonious when each move is connected to another, in a logical sequence, either with the idea of improving your position or, prophylactically, avoiding the realization of an idea of your opponent.
Millôr Fernandes, who translated four of Shakespeare's plays (Hamlet, The Taming of the Shrew, King Lear, and The Merry Wives of Windsor) into Portuguese, did not speak English.
I'd really appreciate a glass of cold beer.
You're right, dear.
I have the King of Spades.
Ow! That hurts!
I'm pleasantly surprised.
I never eat before jogging.
People get vaccinated to create immunity against a disease.
I saw a lot of fish while scuba diving.
We were expecting to see whales in Brazil.
Does this film have French subtitles?
I am not doing so well. My friends are not here.
I know this custom.
I watch birds while walking in the forest.
This fish is full of bones; don't eat it.
The school bell rings and the day begins.
A game about planning, patience, and patterns might help keep our minds sharp.
Nine times nine is eighty-one.
Remember that in most endgames, the king changes from a piece to be defended to an attacking piece.
François-André Danican Philidor (07.09.1726 - 31.08.1795) was one of the most distinguished chess players the world has ever seen.
Pawns are the lifeblood of the game.
The best way to go about finding a good plan is to look for weaknesses in your opponent's position.
Your handwriting looks like that of your father.
She is not able to read what is written.
He is quickly going to see that that isn't your handwriting.
You will improve your pronunciation by speaking more.
In chess, it is essential to know the legacy of the great chess players.
When you play under time control remember that you are fighting the clock as well as your opponent.
I really like sleeping under the stars.
I bought the last available seats.
You can kiss the bride!
Melancholy is the nurse of frenzy.
Sacred and sweet was all I saw in her.
I saw her coral lips move, and with her breath, she did perfume the air.
No profit grows when is no pleasure taken.
In a rook endgame, each side has only a rook, a few pawns, and the king. This is the most common type of endgame.
Crowns in my purse I have and goods at home.
Tell me her father's name, and 'tis enough.
I know her father, though I know not her.
See, to beguile the old folks, how the young folks lay their heads together!
And he knew my deceased father well.
I will not sleep, Hortensio, till I see her.
After she lost weight, she felt better.
You aren't twins, but you look alike.
O! this learning, what a thing it is.
I promis'd to inquire carefully About a schoolmaster for the fair Bianca.
Tactical combinations often involve the use of sacrifices and devices such as pins, forks, skewers, and discovered attacks.
Here is a gentleman whom by chance I met, Upon agreement from us to his liking, Will undertake to woo curst Katharine.
When I listen to Bach's Goldberg Variations played by Glenn Gould, I wonder if the composer himself also performed with such virtuosity this wonderful musical piece.
A vignette is a short written description or a brief scene in a movie or play.
He began advancing his pawns only when his pieces had occupied their strongest possible positions.
He wanted only to be with his girlfriend.
I'm looking for my girlfriend.
If you get bored, open a book!
The most effective way to improve your game is to practice.
There is a huge range of chess computers on the market, for players of all levels.
The author has a lucid writing style that makes the book enjoyable to read.
I sent my application, and I had an interview.
I live in Rio de Janeiro.
White was up the exchange (rook against bishop) with a passed pawn on a3. The win was a matter of technique.
A stove keeps me warm and a game of chess keeps me company: despite the heroic efforts of the bishop, white will lose tonight.
Talk to your pieces, ask them where they would like to go, whether they would like to leave the board or even self-sacrifice for the greater good.
You might find you have a favorite piece, as Gufeld had his g7 bishop in the King's Indian Defence.
Most chess books aim to help readers improve their chess.
The influence of computers on chess has increased enormously.
Chess is a battle between two creative minds.
I enrolled in a language class online.
Ten percent of the population does not work.
Putting his king in check is illegal.
Wilhelm Steinitz, officially the first world chess champion, died in great poverty in New York on June 12, 1900, at the age of 64.
The presence of bishops of opposite colors favors equality in a large number of endgames.
Never remake a move because a move never returns.
Since when do you play chess?
The tie suited both players.
I get emotional sometimes after a nice game of chess.
Sometimes I cry after a great game of chess.
You must play chess as you live: with passion!
Will I see her again?
A good sacrifice is a sacrifice that is not.
A true sacrifice is a false sacrifice.
Standing at the side of the board, a knight has its range of attack limited to four squares. It is only half a knight.
According to Tarrasch, the best attacking piece is the king's bishop.
I'm not a lab rat.
I have just seen a game of checkers, played by Françualdo Gonçalves de Souza in 1997, more beautiful than the chess game called Immortal, played by Adolf Anderssen in 1895.
Could you be a little more exact?
The task of seeing lines of play is easier, and errors are less likely if you are aware of the resources of the pieces.
Life is here and now.
A truly incredible queen sacrifice was made by Kevin Spragett against Fred South in Ontario 1976: 1.e4 Nc6 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 Bg4 4.d5 Ne5 5.Nxe5 Bxd1. Black gave up on the nineteenth move.
The 30th of September is an International Translation Day.
A combination is a planned series of moves that are intended to force certain responses from the opponent, and lead them into an undesirable position.
Checkers is the mother of chess – and a worthy mother.
Checkers are played in many different ways, despite their widespread use in all civilized countries.
Although simpler than chess, checkers also require the calculation of sequences of moves and the analysis of structures and positions.
Checkers can be played on a board with 64 (8X8) or 100 (10X10) squares, alternately light and dark.
In the 64-square checkers game, each player has 12 equal pieces, initially placed on the dark squares of rows 1, 2, and 3, for white, and 6, 7, and 8, for black.
The checker that reaches the last row in front of it, stopping there, will be promoted to a king, a piece of exceptional mobility and which, in a large number of cases, represents a decisive advantage.
At chess, a pawn that reaches the last row ahead is promoted to a queen. At checkers, a checker that realizes an identical feat is promoted to a king.
In checkers, the occupation of the center (squares d4, f4, c5, and e5) is of great strategic importance.
If the player has more than one possibility of capturing, he must execute the move that captures the greatest number of pieces.
We are an independent nation.
In 1992, Marion Tinsley (1927-1995), the seemingly unbeatable World Checker Champion, defended his title against the computer program CHINOOK, in a series of games, of which he won 4, lost 2, and drew 33. This was the first time ever that a human world champion defended his title against a computer.
International checkers, one of the best-known variants of checkers, are played on a board of 100 (10x10) squares, with each player initially having 20 pieces.
Because their playing boards are identical, checkers and chess have often been compared with each other.
A player may give up if he determines that his position is hopeless and the defeat is imminent or unavoidable.
Imagination does not breed insanity... Poets do not go mad, but chess players do.
Chess is like looking across an ocean. Checkers is like looking down a well.
Chess is more difficult to learn than draughts, but draughts is actually much harder than chess.
"The board used in the game of Go is checkered, but it doesn't have light and dark squares like chess and checkers boards. In Go, the stones are placed not on ""squares"", but on the intersections of the horizontal and vertical lines drawn on the board."
In the game of Go, two players take turns placing white and black stones on an initially empty board to ensure ownership of spaces on the playing field. The winner is the player who has achieved the greatest territorial conquest.
In a game of Go, it is up to Black to make the first move, that is, to place the first stone on the board. In a handicap game, however, White plays first.
I'm learning an old Chinese game.
The empty intersections adjacent to a stone are its degrees of freedom (at least 1, at most 4). A stone that has no degree of freedom cannot remain on the board.
If there is intelligent life outside the Earth, they certainly play Go.
Go is very popular in Korea under the name baduk.
There are Go boards of various sizes. For the beginner, it is advisable to start playing with the smallest.
Black places the first stone at D5, and White responds by placing his first stone at F5. The dispute for territory starts near the board center.
I exist.
There were three 9-point territories: one, in the center of the board, surrounded by 12 white stones; another, on the right side, surrounded by 9 black stones; and another, in the upper left corner, surrounded by 6 black stones.
Black responded to White's attack on the kingside by counterattacking in the center.
The standard size of the Go board is 19x19. Other board sizes such as 13x13 or 9x9 are also used, usually by beginners or players who desire shorter games.
The size of the board does not affect the rules.
The lines of the board have intersections wherever they cross or touch each other. Each intersection is called a point, even if it is at a corner or an edge of the board.
Go is played on the points of the board, not on the squares.
Two points connected by a line segment are said to be adjacent or next to each other.
Stones that are all adjacent to one another are called a string.
You can play Go using whatever you have, such as poker chips, beads, buttons, coins, etc. You do not need to use Go stones.
A player may pass instead of playing a stone on their turn.
A game of Go starts with an empty board and Black plays first unless playing with a handicap.
Handicap makes Go more enjoyable for the players with some difference of ability.
The white stone was almost surrounded. It was adjacent to only one unoccupied point. Thus, the stone had only one liberty.
Black's move surrounds the white stone by occupying its last liberty. The white stone is thus captured and will be removed from the board.
Black's move occupied the last liberty that was left to five white stones, in two strings. Those five stones were thus captured and removed.
You may not play a move that repeats a previous position on the board. This rule prevents players from endlessly capturing and recapturing a stone in either direction.
Some Japanese language terms are often used in the description of Go because this game, although it originated in China, was introduced to the West through Japan.
A black stone captured a white stone and was left with only one liberty after the white stone was removed from the board. On the next move, if a white stone occupied that same spot, now empty, it would capture that black stone, but this was not allowed, because playing such a move would repeat the last position on the board.
On his second turn after the capture of his stone by Black, White was able to occupy that point from which his stone had been removed because, between those two moves, the position on the board had changed. White could capture that stone only at this moment.
A group of stones is in atari if it has only one liberty and is thus threatened of capture on the next move.
Those three white stones were in atari because black could capture them in a single move.
Keep your stones connected.
Except for a few gossamer clouds, the sky was clear and blue.
Separate your opponent's stones.
A ladder is a sequence of moves, in a zigzag pattern, in which an attacker chases a group in atari across the board.
If you don't know ladders, don't play Go.
Play fast, lose fast.
Tom is losing his teeth.
In the game of Go, the rule of Ko (a term meaning eternity in Japanese) prevents repeating indefinitely between adjacent intersections, now the capture of a stone by a player, and then the capture of the capturing stone by the opponent.
Black plays E8 and captures the white stone on D8. On E8, the black stone is at Ko, that is, on the next move, White will be prohibited from capturing it by playing D8. White then plays E2, practically forcing Black to play E1. Now White can play D8 and capture the Ko stone.
In order to recapture the Ko, Black now forces White to play elsewhere on the board and, on the next move, repeats the previous attack. And the fight goes on like this, in what is called the battle of Ko.
In a battle of Ko, there are several moves of a strategic nature on practically the entire board.
Ko is not just a restrictive rule of Go, but an extra emotion in each game.
The game ended when the two players decided that there was no other move to make.
Interesting exercise: with 43 moves, Black captures all of 25 white stones arranged in 4 groups (3+9+8+5) on the board.
If a group of stones, even though it is completely surrounded by opposing stones, has two separate spaces inside, or two eyes, where the opponent cannot play, it will not be captured – it is considered a live group.
The usefulness of a pot is in its emptiness.
"Groups of connected stones can have different shapes and sizes. They are the ""pieces"" used by players in the practice of Go."
With Go's unique handicap system, you will be able to play with anyone in the world on even terms.
The more I read about the Go game, the more interesting it seems to me.
Go is the world's oldest, simplest, and most complex game.
In Go, the game begins when one player picks up a stone from a bowl and places it on the board.
Stones were being connected along the lines like beads on a string.
An inner liberty where the opponent can still play, by capturing part of the group that encloses this liberty, is called a 'false eye' or 'deficient eye'.
A group with only one eye is not alive.
As the board fills up during the course of the game, certain groups will survive, and others may not.
Groups with seven or more points of territory can usually form two eyes when attacked unless there are structural weaknesses.
The correct, accurate plays with which to make a group secure, or to kill the opponent's group, are studied deeply by all strong players.
Close your eyes, relax and let your imagination and emotions run freely.
There are many legends about the origins of the game Go, all dating back to ancient China.
A territory, that is, a group of empty intersections is conquered by surrounding it on all four sides (top, bottom, right, and left).
You gain one point for every opponent piece you capture.
If you were to start a game by placing a stone in the center of the board, at that moment it would have four liberties.
There is a lot of strategy in the game of Go. It may be seen as a great battle between two armies.
The Ko rule was introduced to prevent a game from being halted by repetitive moves which can go on indefinitely.
If a group of stones cannot make more than one eye, then it is vulnerable to capture as it cannot defend itself.
A stone can remain in atari until the end of the game depending on the needs of both players.
The park was huge; we almost got lost there.
He is afraid of the dark; don't leave him there.
Guess what.
Professional Go players are ranked according to their skill level.
English people shake hands to say hello.
The answer is easy to guess.
After playing a stone, never try to move it to another position. No stone can be moved after being played.
The mediator asked the unruly members of the audience to stop hectoring the speaker.
Doing everything as soon as possible is impossible!
In an eight-point area, in the upper left corner of the board, White had five dead stones, meaning they could not avoid capture and were therefore prisoners.
"There were six ""dame"" points: they didn't belong to either of the two players, as neither White nor Black had managed to conquer them."
Since Black has the advantage of making the first move, White usually starts the game with some additional points, komi, generally 6.5 in the Japanese system of rules and 7.5 in the Chinese.
A capturing stone may have no liberty until the stones it captures are removed.
A ladder is a technique for capturing stones. At each step, the attacker reduces the defender's liberties from two to one.
Seki is a sort of symbiosis where two live groups share liberties which neither of them can fill without dying.
Arthur Lee Samuel, an American computer scientist, was a pioneer in the fields of computer games, artificial intelligence, and machine learning.
Machine learning is a branch of artificial intelligence whose purpose is to provide computers with the ability to learn without being programmed.
Artificial intelligence is the science and engineering of creating machines capable of performing functions identical to those performed by the brains of animals.
As Alan Turing predicted in the mid-twentieth century, machines are already competing with humans in many areas of intelligence.
Intelligence is the ability to understand complex ideas, to adapt effectively to the environment, to learn from experience, to engage in various forms of reasoning, and to overcome obstacles.
Intelligence is a term that generally refers to cognitive ability, that is, the brain process of perceiving, analyzing, recording, and recalling information captured through the five senses.
Artificial Intelligence has its foundations in Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, Psychology, Philosophy, Linguistics, and Neuroscience.
No one lost.
Will artificial intelligence make these jobs disappear?
The biggest problem with artificial intelligence is that you can't scare it!
Artificial intelligence is a branch of computer science that deals with the mechanics of reasoning and automatic learning.
Now that there's artificial intelligence, your intelligence is irrelevant.
Artificial intelligence is changing the world.
Artificial intelligence is conquering the world.
We do not yet dispose of artificial intelligence capable of solving such problems.
Until we know the constituent elements of human intelligence, we cannot create artificial intelligence.
Will there be room for humanity in a world run by intelligent machines?
In October 1957, the Soviet Union placed the first man-built satellite (Sputnik in Russian) into orbit.
China is dramatically increasing its investments in artificial intelligence research and development.
Profound changes in labor markets – and impacting socio-psychological effects on people – will happen as artificial intelligence takes over the functions of human jobs in all industries.
The threat to jobs is coming much faster than most AI experts predicted.
Artificial intelligence threatens to extinguish the jobs of both low-educated and highly-educated people.
On the day AlphaGo beat Ke Jie, the deep learning was dethroning humanity's best Go player ever.
Deep learning is a subarea of machine learning, which in turn is a subarea of artificial intelligence (AI).
The purpose of the people who develop AI is to imitate human intelligence, not to recreate it.
A computer does not think, in the strict sense of the word, but appears to think, with regard to the operations of a logical-mathematical nature of intelligence.
An algorithm is a set of perfectly defined logical rules and procedures that lead to the solution of a problem in a finite number of steps.
Will it be a while before a robot capable of seeing, walking, speaking, writing, reproducing, and being aware of its existence will appear?
American researchers have developed an AI system to automatically generate sentences for the purpose of composing poems! The system was trained using a text collection from approximately 12,000 e-books (around 80 million sentences), mostly about fiction.
Weak Artificial Intelligence refers to the construction of partially intelligent machines and software, whose operation does not dispense with human intervention.
Filipinos are not like Swiss.
On the shores of the Indus, ancient times gave intelligence to all the forces of Nature, thus creating countless divinities, including Kaissa, the goddess of chess.
"The Romans knew of a game, possibly similar to chess, called ""ludus latrunculorum"" – a game of robbers."
Heuristics is a search performed through analytical reasoning.
Ray Kurtzweil lives in a suburb of Boston.
Living beings are robots of different types created by Divine Intelligence (DI).
Pigs grunt.
The language of Europe is translation.
The brain is the hardware and the mind is the software.
Prove you're not a chicken.
Will artificial intelligence supplant human intelligence?
Soon, neuroscientific research will rid us of serious neurological diseases such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's.
Kids like drawing.
I'd like to travel to Belgium.
I know not what tomorrow will bring.
I also teach Brazilian Portuguese classes.
Press Enter.
Quantum correlation transcends spacetime.
As AI probed the limits of the game they had spent their lives mastering, the world's greatest players did what they could: watched and learned.
Every word is a bird we teach to sing.
Both word and picture represented an apple by means of lines.
The passengers are boarding the train.
She doesn't know where Mary lives.
The AI did not just process data more quickly than humanly possible; it also detected aspects of reality humans have not detected, or perhaps cannot detect.
It's a famous poem.
Are we advancing toward knowledge? Or is knowledge receding from us?
"If AI ""thinks"", or approximates thinking, who are we?"
Magnus Carlsen is known as one of the biggest chess talents that ever lived. He became a grandmaster at the age of 13 years, 4 months, and 27 days. He has won numerous tournaments and has been the world's number one player continuously since 2011.
"Richard Feynman said that the two-slit experiment contains the ""one mystery"" of quantum mechanics."
All entities are pulsating, from tiny elementary particles to giant galaxies.
Quantum theory provides the mathematical description that correctly predicts the results of the observations we choose to make.
I, the Supreme Energy, am the same as the Supreme Intelligence. We are One and Two at the same time, as we are beyond logical restrictions and limitations of laws.
Quantum theory describes the world in mathematical terms.
The war lasted four years.
Wisdom tells me I am nothing, love tells me I am everything. Between the two, my life flows.
Atomic nuclei are small magnets with a north pole and a south pole.
Maybe free will is an illusion, and the world is completely deterministic, as some would claim.
The opposite of a fact is falsehood, but the opposite of one profound truth may very well be another profound truth.
At several points during the game, I was thinking: how would AlphaZero have approached this?
AlphaZero is very particular about its openings – it only plays the best of the best, and how it approaches them has led to new advancements in opening theory.
AlphaZero is a totally new kind of chess computer created by British artificial intelligence (AI) company Deep Mind.
AlphaZero is a chess player that developed its creative style solely by playing games against itself.
With appropriate laser light, we can see individual atoms with the naked eye the way we see dust motes in a sunbeam.
"Some physicists seriously consider the possibility that quantum mechanics hints at a mysterious connection of ""conscious"" observation with the physical world."
"According to Eugene Wigner, a Nobel laureate in Physics, human conscious awareness might actually ""reach out"" – in some unexplained way – and change the physical state of a system."
The assumption that macroscopic objects can remain, if not observed, in a state of superposition is false.
Entanglement with the world constitutes an observation.
Too bad Schrödinger isn't around to see the increasing interest in his cat.
What I really wanted was to spend my life envisioning something transcendent.
Tom pays well.
I grew up speaking Swedish and English, learned German and Spanish at school, Portuguese and Romanian through two marriages, and some Russian, French, and Mandarin for fun.
But AI is catching up with me, and after a big step forward in 2016, there are hardly any languages I can translate better than the AI system developed by the Google Brain team.
The notion of algorithm forms the core of all of the computation theory.
Everything we love in civilization is the product of human intelligence.
Tomorrow (11.26.2021) Ian Nepomniachtchi will have the white pieces against Magnus Carlsen in their first game of the World Chess Championship match.
The match will be played through 14 games, with classical time control. The winner will be the player to first reach 7.5 points.
Pharmako AI is the title of the first book written by a human (K Allado-McDowell) in partnership with an Artificial Intelligence (GPT-3).
The digitally encoded information present in DNA and the complex circuitry and information-processing systems at work in living cells are best explained by the activity of an actual designing intelligence.
Just as the inscriptions on the Rosetta Stone point to the activity of an ancient scribe and a computer program points to a programmer, I have argued that the digital code discovered within the DNA molecule suggests the activity of a designing mind at the origin of life.
For Newton, as for Boyle and Descartes, there were laws of nature only because there had been a (Divine) Legislator.
A draw yesterday, another draw today. Carlsen 1, Nepo 1. Will we have a winner tomorrow?
I don't want to lead a dog's life anymore.
The third game, third draw. Carlsen 1.5 Nepo 1.5. Tomorrow will be a day off.
Man cannot stand a meaningless life.
The brain is a neural network that updates itself with each learned task.
The chessboard is the world; the pieces are the phenomena of the universe; the rules are what we call the laws of nature.
The figure of the queen was designed one-dimensionally during most of the time in history. Only at the very end did it get some depth.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the greatest evidence so far produced by Human Intelligence (HI), of the existence of Transcendental Intelligence (TI).
The fourth game, the fourth draw. Carlsen 2, Nepo 2. When will we have a winner?
The combination is the poetry of chess.
The fifth game, fifth draw. Carlsen 2.5 Nepo 2.5. No emotions so far. Will this continue until the end? Tomorrow, Thursday is a free day.
Everything indicates that chess will remain a field of experimentation for artificial intelligence for many years.
The world of chess is fascinating, mysterious, fun, deep.
Why are the clouds crying?
The most important chess personality in the Spanish-speaking world, during the second half of the 20th century, has undoubtedly been Miguel Najdorf.
Miguel Najdorf passed away in July 1997, in Malaga, at the age of 87.
Happy Nowruz!
Happy Newroz!
Seventh game (12.04.2021). Another Spanish opening. Sixth tie. Nepomniachtchi (white) 3 - Carlsen (black) 4.
We can debate the point if Magnus is the greatest player of all time, yet there is no disputing (at least to my mind) that he is the strongest player of all time.
I'm a student of this school.
Against a Petroff defense less skilfully played by Ian Nepomniachtchi, Magnus Carlsen took his second win in the FIDE-2021 World Championship match in Dubai. Now: Carlsen 5 - Nepo 3.
DNA is like a computer program but far, far more advanced than any software ever created.
This is the DNA enigma – the mystery of the origin of the information needed to build the first living organism.
DNA is the molecule of heredity.
Tenth game, another Russian (Petroff) defense, seventh draw. Carlsen 6.5 - Nepo 3.5. Tomorrow, Thursday is a day off.
The eternal paradox of peak performance in chess, or any endeavor, really, is how to learn from your failures while still carrying on as if you are invincible. You must learn and forget simultaneously.
The digital information in DNA is only part of a complex information-processing system, an advanced form of nanotechnology that mirrors and excels our own in its complexity, storage density, and logic of design.
"Francis Collins describes the genome as the ""book of life""."
The genome is the complete set of genes found in the chromosomes of every cell in a living being.
In 1869, Friedrich Miescher, the son of a Swiss physician, discovered what would later be called DNA.
Life does not consist of just matter and energy, but also information.
Both are possible.
Magnus Carlsen retained his title of World Chess Champion. With four wins and seven draws in eleven games, he subdued by 7.5 x 3.5 the challenger Ian Nepomniachtchi, who throughout the competition made some serious mistakes.
Proteins are made of smaller molecules called amino acids.
In Chemistry, the characteristic of enzymes (and catalysts) to participate in certain chemical reactions is called specificity.
The information storage capacity of DNA is many times superior to that of the most advanced silicon chips.
When you start putting chips in cattle, you end up practicing the electronic identification of each human being.
A really impressive book – Signature in the Cell, by Stephen C. Meyer. It shows how a transcendental intelligence operates in the cell.
"Natural selection explains ""only the survival of the fittest, not the arrival of the fittest""."
What is the great difference between supposing that God makes variable species or that he makes laws by which species vary?
We all draw when we are kids, and then some stop drawing and some don't.
Before matter (the universe) began to exist, there had to be a mind to conceive and organize it.
The laptop provides cutting-edge technology at an affordable price.
Should science continue to try to identify the intelligence responsible for the software of life?
"I have not read it, but someone who has read the book ""On the origin of species"" by Charles Darwin guarantees that he claims that all living beings – plants, insects, reptiles, birds, dinosaurs, whales, man – descend from a common ancestor, from which they evolved, diversifying according to a law he calls ""natural selection""."
The cell has a system for processing stored information.
The production of proteins requires DNA, but the production of DNA requires proteins.
The limitations of my language limit my thinking. I can only say that I know something if I know how to express it in words.
Encoded in a four-letter alphabet in the two intertwined strands of the DNA molecule are the instructions for making all the proteins, each with its specific function, necessary to sustain life.
The algorithm a cell follows when making a protein is extremely complex. Roughly speaking, the coded information – four-letter words – stored in the DNA is copied, translated into a language whose alphabet has twenty letters, edited, and transmitted to the area where the protein is assembled.
I prefer learning literary language, instead of colloquial language or slang. I have met other language enthusiasts who are just the opposite.
"Researchers in AI, artificial intelligence, must take care to encourage ""friendly"" AI, not ""unfriendly"" AI."
Will AI, artificial intelligence, someday be able to create an artificial language for humans to use? Would it be better than a natural language?
In six years, Anatoly Karpov and Garry Kasparov played against each other five matches (144 games, 5540 moves) for the world chess championship.
The secret of combinations lies in recognizing the patterns that identify their elements.
The first official contest for the title of World Chess Champion (a 24-game match) took place in New York, Saint Louis, and New Orleans between Wilhelm Steinitz (the winner) and Johannes Zukertort, in 1886.
You learn more from a lost game than from a hundred won.
The most effective and powerful scientific theory ever produced by mankind is a mystery.
Without asking questions, nobody learns anything.
Physics does not describe the world; it describes what we know about the world.
I want a physical theory that explains the structure of the universe, clarifies what an observer within a universe is, not a theory that makes the universe dependent on me observing it.
Quantum theory describes the manifestation of things to each other.
Quantum theory invites us to see the physical world as a set of relationships whose nodes are objects.
Speed is a relationship between two objects.
Of two balls of the same size (one made of iron, the other of wood) falling from the top of a tower, the iron one, because it has a greater gravitational charge (being heavier), is attracted with greater force, but, on the other hand, precisely because it has more mass (inertia), it offers greater resistance to falling. The result: both touch the ground at the same time, as Galileo demonstrated.
An enigma is someone or something that is difficult to understand or explain.
The true nature of reality transcends both the notion of existence and that of nonexistence.
A veritable synchronized ballet of nanomolecular engineering operates in our cells, challenging human understanding.
Absolutely nothing even comes close to the cells in terms of content and quality of information.
There is a new coronavirus variant.
Thanks to a collection of innovative technologies and techniques, day after day new wonders of the biological world are revealed.
The cells are cybernetic multimolecular cities, filled with hi-tech machines, power plants, and even nanorobots.
Clouds are clusters of water droplets condensed from water vapor.
Water can exist as a solid, a liquid, and a gas in the environmental conditions existing on the Earth's surface.
For me, the word God is synonymous with Transcendental Intelligence.
If Darwin lived today, would he have imagined that the highly sophisticated information-processing system that our advanced technology allows us to see in action in cells came about randomly and blindly and by natural selection?
Molecules fully capable of transmitting and storing genetic information [would have to be] already available to the first being that inhabited this planet.
Because plants use water continuously, but in most places it rains only occasionally, the water-holding capacity of soils is essential for plant survival.
I can't believe the genetic code came about by chance and natural selection.
Nor can I believe that the hen's egg (or the egg's hen?) arose by mere accident and evolved by slow, gradual, and undirected natural selection.
I asked a friend of mine if he believed in the big bang theory. He replied: – Of course! The Universe is a huge explosion... of intelligence!
The veil of ignorance is getting thinner.
A Darwinist's reaction when reading about the human fertilization process in a molecular biology textbook: – How powerful natural selection is! The mind of the author of this book evolved from a primate's mind!
Nature's ability to foresee and provide seems unsurmountable.
Without stable membranes provided with channels operated by proteins, there would be no cells. But without cells, there would be no proteins that could form the membrane channels.
The fathers of modern science – Copernicus, Galileo, Kepler, Newton, Boyle, and many others – saw clear evidence of design in the universe and, in fact, were inspired to discover the laws of nature by their faith in a transcendent lawgiver.
According to Tom, the theory of evolution by random mutations and natural selection is not convincing for several reasons, the most important of which is the existence of DNA. Among other unacceptable points, Tom adds, this theory claims that the human mind – Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Galileo, Newton, Shakespeare, Descartes, Da Vinci, Mozart, Einstein, Darwin himself – evolved from the mind of an unidentified primate, which would be our ancestor.
The theory of evolution by random mutation and natural selection fails to see the extremely obvious presence of a planning intelligence in the universe.
I had a friend who once told me that, or something similar. It was shocking.
Many heretics, witches, and atheists were burned at the stake of the Inquisition. Today, the scientist who unwittingly declares that he believes in a supernatural intelligence will be discriminated against by his materialistic peers and persecuted in his professional career.
Without experiments and mathematics, we would never have understood what we understand.
You must admit that you don't feel any time per se isolated from the movement.
Fourteen billion years ago, the universe was a compressed ball of fire.
Quantum mechanics was born when it was discovered in the early years of the 20th century that subatomic particles can behave like waves and that light waves can behave like particles.
I am learning that the world consists only of quantum relations. Matter, space, time do not exist.
Peruvian Esteban Canal (1896-1981) won the title of chess grandmaster in 1977, at the age of eighty-one!
Can it be said that the Big Bang was the creator of the universe, of life, and of the natural laws that govern them?
How does a single cell create a living being that will ultimately acquire its specific form?
A gene is a chemical substance, or a molecule, that can encode, store, and transfer information between organisms.
From end to end, the DNA molecule measures a thousandth of a thousandth of a millimeter. A million helices placed side by side would fit in this letter: o.
The DNA molecule is very thin and long. If we wanted to draw it on a scale where it was as thick as a seam line, the molecule would be about two hundred kilometers long.
Thomas was an atheist. Now he is studying biochemistry and has become convinced that something like DNA and RNA molecules cannot be the product of natural laws and forces generated by the Big Bang.
Like the main score of a fascinatingly complex symphony, the genome contains the instructions for the development and maintenance of organisms.
Two cells (a sperm and an egg) come together to form a new cell (the embryo), which replicates by division in geometric progression to form a human being, which has about 37 trillion cells.
Individual genes specify individual functions, but the relationship between genes enables physiology.
The human genome is the recipe that specifies a human being.
Thomas understands that natural laws and forces, space-time, electromagnetic and gravitational fields, energy, atoms, stars, galaxies, life, everything, in short, had its origin in an indescribable singularity that mysteriously exploded: the Big Bang.
Materialists explain the origin of the universe and life by attributing everything to the enigmatic explosion of an unbelievable singularity.
In essence, a medicinal chemical is nothing more than a molecule that enables a therapeutic change in human physiology.
How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world, That has such people in't!
You told me to do this.
Every day in life is a new life.
The Moon directs the tides and ocean currents on our planet, preventing the water of our seas and oceans from stagnating.
This bag costs the price of two computers.
Anyone who believes that conscious intelligence comes from the Big Bang is capable of believing anything.
None of us has all the relevant information, therefore as our knowledge grows some ideas will be proved right and some wrong.
Time slows down at high speed, and space bends in the presence of gravitational fields.
A singularity is a thermodynamic dead end and does not explain the origin of the universe.
God needed to build billions of galaxies so that Adam could finally exist!
On Earth, the forces of gravity and friction dissipate the kinetic energy of a moving body, causing it to stop.
Small moons, asteroids, and comets, for example, are too small for their gravity to pull them into a sphere.
One of the many fascinating things about objects in our universe is that all of them appear to be rotating.
To explain something means to describe the unknown in terms of the known.
The more the universe seems comprehensible, the more it seems meaningless.
Not from the stars do I my judgement pluck.
O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space.
Everything that lives comes from an egg.
It is not matter that generates thought, but thought that generates matter.
Is it possible to believe that subatomic particles, as well as the very peculiar forces that lead them to combine to generate matter, are not the work of a Supernatural Intelligence?
The hypothesis of some software capable of functioning as conscience can be completely ruled out.
Is Murphy's Law infallible?
We are the center of the universe because we are its meaning.
The universe does not seem to exist without a perceiver of that universe.
We are the mirrors of the world in which we dwell.
How can you not love when there is one consciousness and you know that you and the other are not really separate?
I'm feeling weak.
J. J. Thomson and his son George Thomson were both awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics: the former in 1906 for demonstrating that the electron is a particle, and the latter in 1937 for showing that the electron is a wave.
The true value of the present moment is always to be found in the attention we give to this moment, not in the content of our experience.
There's no suffering in the depths of love, and there never has been.
What is this simple mystery of a place called here?
A clear conscience creates harmony.
I am aware that I exist.
Yes, in January it is hot. It's summer in Brazil.
Why is there so much room in this universe and within our consciousness? Where did all this infinite space come from?
Physical objects are actually made up mostly of space. Even subatomic particles appear more like space than like things.
There isn't a right perspective or a wrong perspective for awareness to take. It seems to want to try them all.
Everything from the most human thought or emotion to the most cosmic dimension of existence is an aspect of Being.
Every experience is worthy of inquiry and deeper understanding and love.
There are no separations. One single Consciousness unites everyone and everything.
What am I but a microscopic and temporary contraction of Infinite Space?
I've figured out the truth.
She tried to seduce me.
Life is synonymous with chemical engineering of inconceivable complexity, compartmentalization, and incredibly precise organization. It is absolutely impossible to attribute it to the god Chance and the unconscious and blind action of the goddess Natural Selection.
Each cell is a complete and highly sophisticated living world in its own right.
Is the engine broken?
Information processing permeates all aspects of life.
Throughout a person's life, nerve cells are growing, retracting, creating, and breaking connections with other nerve cells.
Signaling systems transmit information within cells, between cells, between organs, between entire organisms, between populations of organisms, and even between different species in entire ecosystems.
There are comb-like strands in the lung cells, whose continuous beating drives mucus and infections out of your lungs.
The goddess Natural Selection blindly and unconsciously, but amazingly creatively, chooses random mutations produced at long intervals by the god Chance.
On February 13 I'll be able to say I'm 35 years old.
Dairy cows are useful animals.
It is encouraging to see by reading some modern books that scientists are beginning to realize that not all the amazingly intelligent processes of the creation, maintenance, and evolution of life arose solely by chance and natural selection.
Where the cosmos feels infinitely large and the atomic realm infinitely small, the cell feels infinitely complex.
In the lives of single cells, we can perceive the roots of our own intelligence.
We can have two beds.
Where should we have dinner this evening?
When are the kittens going to be born?
Can everyone hear me okay?
Not very spicy.
I'm parking in the movie theater parking lot.
Park across from the hotel.
Enzymes are responsible for digestion, respiration, photosynthesis, and metabolism. They are responsible for forming all of us and keeping us alive. They are the engines of life.
What I can't create, I don't understand.
Where will you spend your next vacation?
It can be said that all chess is based on the combination.
Do you have any band-aids?
You'll tell her where you're hurting.
She'll make a doctor's appointment.
His hair disheveled and his clothes wrinkled, the late student had clearly overslept.
The universe is a large quantum system.
This is the longest street in town.
We don't have a coffee machine at the office but we want one.
At the restaurant, I had a delicious mango dessert.
She has too many pairs of shoes, and she never knows which ones to put on.
Mate is the ultimate goal of the game and is therefore the ideal ending to any combination.
Ah, yes, it's true.
There are around sixty species of hornbill.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, better known as MIT, is one of the largest science centers in the world.
Life depends on the work of an incredible set of nanomolecular machines.
Life is a self-replicating chemical system that evolves as a consequence of its interaction with the environment.
Every spider is a versatile genius: It plans its web like an architect and then carries out this plan like the proficient weaver it is. It is also a chemist who can synthesize silk employing a computer-controlled manufacturing process, and then use the silk for spinning.
The spider is so proficient that it seems to have completed courses in structural engineering, chemistry, architecture, and information science.
The car is electric, so it makes no noise and needs no gas.
The computer is going to turn off in a few seconds.
Do you have a ruler?
He is a beginner in French.
It is hard to study alone.
Do you have an advanced or beginner level?
I want to go to a region where the ocean is.
It was very cold during our night in the desert.
This activity is too dangerous for you.
Help me, please! I don't feel well.
You have to take care of your heart.
They fell in love as soon as they met.
When will you see him again?
When you are in love, you must say it!
In the beginning, love is usually simple. But then it can get pretty complicated.
Toki Pona is the most limited and most difficult artificial language I know.
He always tells me the same story.
I don't know why he doesn't stop smiling.
Chess books were something irreplaceable for him.
He is always sad, therefore, he never smiles.
I feel poorly.
The young man lives in New York.
New York is a city.
What is California? California is an American state.
Is it a state?
There is a university in Rome.
Is the young man in Rome?
How many cities are in America?
My family lives in Rome.
I live in New York and my family lives in Boston.
The four sisters live in Rome.
The teacher is a woman.
The male teacher has female students.
I have a kind mother.
The wife has an aged husband.
How many graves are there?
Their father is strict.
The red wine costs thirty coins.
The wine is in the market.
She made a satin skirt and a linen blouse.
These are olives.
How much do olives and cookies cost?
I would like ten cookies.
Wine costs twenty coins.
Give me a cookie.
Happiness is a mirage.
Go and wake Mary.
The boy goes to the city with the girl.
You come from home.
It's a joy to be able to listen to Chopin while I work.
I have chest pain.
The pain comes and goes.
I have HIV.
It hurts when I touch it.
I understand Polish.
My child is sick.
I don't have a mobile phone.
I do not understand Polish.
We help for free. If someone wants money from you, they are a scammer.
I don't speak your language, so just answer questions with “yes” or “no” only.
There is a room where children play. You can take your child there.
These are the medicines I use.
Do you have family or friends in Poland?
Do you know the phone number of your relatives?
I have been taking this medication for many years.
I have leukaemia.
I have schizophrenia.
My child needs a doctor.
The doctor reads many books.
The doctors heal many sick people.
I'm atoning for my sins.
The painter paints a farmer in the picture.
I've got tuberculosis.
Are you taking any medicine?
I haven't got a mobile.
I've got diabetes.
The painters paint pretty pictures.
Our temple is beautiful.
The best gladiator fights today.
Our teacher is tired.
We paint the tired old man.
We visit the happy old man.
The parrots are quiet.
The comrades know our opinions.
Sometimes I am calm.
We throw the bones onto the floor.
Do you like my plates?
The parrot wakes up the cook early.
I would like to read Latin literature.
We have a conversation.
The snake sloughs its skin several times a year.
You speak well.
He speaks badly.
I want to contact my relatives back home.
The library has books.
I am vaccinated against COVID.
I usually sleep in a bed.
Where can we find food?
We are refugees.
Do you need gloves?
Here is a blanket.
The toilets are dirty.
The weasel tries to grab the mice.
Dogs usually sleep on the floor.
Is the garment in the closet?
I don't know where my parents are.
I'm looking for my parents.
I'm looking for my father.
I'm looking for my mother.
What is the latest news from Ukraine?
The gods kill their enemies.
How far away is the border?
How can I get to the border?
We want to go to Poland, Hungary, Moldova, Slovakia, Romania, or the Czech Republic.
How does Iuppiter hurl a thunderbolt?
That baby carriage is ours.
Where can we sit down?
The thieves are greedy for your ring.
Do you like my ring?
We want to get to the border.
The shoes and the white toga are in the bedroom.
That pram belongs to us.
That pushchair belongs to us.
You can sit in the chair.
The priest can sacrifice on the altar.
How many words does your Toki Pona vocabulary have?
I want to sing and to dance.
Where do you usually swim?
Tom noticed the picture hanging on the wall was crooked, so he straightened it.
The quiet suburban neighborhood provides the perfect milieu for raising a family.
The soldiers destroy the bridge by fire.
The river flows sluggishly under the bridge.
The wind violently blows through and the fire destroys the ancient bridge.
The peacocks are hungry.
The bread is stuffed with cheese.
I can't contact my relatives.
Say it once again, please.
The duck is a bird.
Bears eat everything.
Do you live far off?
Kids like jumping.
One cannot live here.
You cannot sue yourself.
Toki Pona is not a language but a riddle.
We need to prepare lunch.
There is no rice here anymore.
Could you slice the potatoes?
We need to slice mushrooms for the salad.
Here are a knife, a fork and a plate.
I need to cook the soup and wash the dishes.
We need to wash the fish, cut it up and boil it.
Boy, where is your older brother?
Where is the orphanage?
I already have a table like that.
Russian is my favorite language.
The girl is going to school, even though she wants to sleep.
Who knows the answer to this question?
It's easier to learn by playing.
It was a sensational victory, but in order to be crowned champions, the team still has to defeat some really tough opponents.
The village is really close.
This place is not in Europe.
A cat is eating a mouse near the bed.
In my opinion, whether to use a comma before la, after la, or to not use a comma at all is a personal stylistic choice.
My grandparents are dead.
There are few dogs in the city.
Do you have time for breakfast?
I don't think there are few cats in Europe.
Tom and Mary have slept together since the night they met.
I think he's at his parents place.
I teach students Russian.
The author is my friend.
We have a very good boss.
Is there a school on your street?
My brother studies to become a doctor.
The businessmen like this city.
There are forty people in the group.
Yesterday there was sun.
There are a lot of flowers in this garden.
In the east of the city, there is a big store.
I like autumn but I don't like rain.
I don't like it in the town in winter.
I know that the sun is very hot.
My sentence was wrong, but the teacher corrected it.
It was warm and quiet in the park.
Give me that soccer ball.
She puts on the uniform.
Who won and who lost?
There are eleven people on a soccer team.
Each soccer team must have eleven players at the beginning of the match.
This city is bigger than mine.
I never tried playing the piano.
When I was five years old I could not read.
This bus goes to the city.
Mary was my first love.
Don't stop thinking of me.
We worked all night long.
This looks like Quantum Physics. You don't have to understand why, you have to accept it as it is.
I am that.
Who was your first love?
How much does this wine cost?
You wrote a lot of sentences.
The teacher told my children he would be in Moscow tomorrow.
You'd better give the photograph to the teacher.
I need to sell this bicycle.
Something ineffable about you fascinates me, woman.
Who liked this book?
Who wants to answer this question?
I do not know whether to go home.
The child must get used to school.
Tom took the book in the morning and has already read it.
I want more money than you.
Why did mom sell our house?
You're not my wife.
Speak with my doctor.
Our town is across this bridge.
Boys and girls are playing soccer together.
The cat is under the car.
Your car is behind this bank.
There is a mouse under the bed.
There is a window above the bed.
I am going home with my brother.
The book is next to the pen.
She is going with me.
He has a fever and a headache.
We do not have medicines at home.
There is a pharmacy near my house.
The war is over. Man can live in peace again.
I have a headache and I am going to the pharmacy to buy medicine.
The heart is a very important part of the body.
I have not gone to the pharmacy in a long time.
There are a lot of birds in the park.
There are a lot of people and few tables here.
There aren't any schools in this town.
Several mice are eating cheese.
My sons have no daughters.
Life was better in the nineties.
I like warm weather.
There are no blue cats.
My sister has ginger hair.
Here are the light colors and there are the dark ones.
These beautiful flowers grow in Asia.
This movie has a sad ending.
There are many difficult languages in Asia.
She is my future wife.
You are the only adult here.
My wife's father has dark hair.
Tom is at home because he is ill.
This is a great Russian writer.
The coat is not bad, I like it.
The blue jacket fits me just right.
The blue skirt is too large for me.
Anna looks like my sister.
In Canada, people speak both English and French.
What time is it now in London?
The mountain is covered in snow.
Wednesday is the third day of the week.
Now I know much more than before.
When I was little, these shoes were too big for me, and now they are just right.
Boys will be boys, and girls will be girls.
Mother's Day will be next month.
My wife couldn't come.
I told everything.
You'd better not write here.
Look what I have!
The cat scratched me.
In summer, we walk more often than in winter.
I am already flying home.
We swim a lot and enjoy it.
Is there a theater in your town?
The library is open until nine.
Is your hotel nearby?
We are going toward the river.
Their cook is a foreigner but I do not know where he is from.
Our office is around the corner.
There's only one thing left for us to do.
This box is bigger than that one.
Do not drink this water.
Now, close the book and say what the text is about.
How many pages are there in this book?
Read from the beginning of the page.
In June, the movie theater is going to be closed for a few days.
Draw everything you saw.
Put the chair near the window, please.
Do you know anyone who speaks Japanese?
I do not know the name of the composer who wrote this music.
What is the difference between a table and a chair?
Nobody is waiting for me anywhere.
She is always doing something.
I do not have what you are asking for.
I never heard a sound.
Do any of you know how to swim?
The mirror has fallen because it is heavy.
Early in the morning, I get on a tram and go to the university.
He needs to print a book.
Light is life.
The next three trains go to the North.
The TV set is intact even though it fell off the desk.
My brother fell out of the tree but did not break anything.
Many women have the fantasy of living in poverty.
Who built this house?
The teacher will write the text of the task on the board.
We will talk after the lesson.
Who was the director of this film?
I previously worked as a translator.
